aaron
abandon
abandoned
abandoning
abide
abiding
abilities
ability
ability defend
ability protect
ability provide
ably
aboard
abortion
abortions
abraham
abraham lincoln
abroad
abroad home
absolute
absolutely
absolutely clear
absolutely critical
absolutely essential
absolutely necessary
absolutely nothing
absorb
abstract
absurd
abundance
abundant
abundantly
abundantly clear
abuse
abuse epidemic
abuse heroin
abuse power
abused
abusers
abuses
abusing
abusive
aca
academic
academically
academics
academy
academy sciences
accelerate
accelerated
accelerating
accept
acceptable
acceptance
accepted
accepting
accepts
access
access affordable
access care
access doctors
access education
access health
access health care
access highquality
access information
access justice
access markets
access public
accessibility
accessible
accessing
accident
accidental
accidents
accolades
accommodate
accommodation
accompanied
accompany
accompanying
accomplish
accomplish goal
accomplished
accomplishes
accomplishment
accomplishments
accord
accordance
accordingly
account
accountability
accountability act
accountable
accounted
accounting
accounts
accreditation
accumulated
accuracy
accurate
accurately
accusations
accused
achievable
achieve
achieve goal
achieve goals
achieved
achievement
achievement gaps
achievements
achieves
achieves act
achieving
acknowledge
acknowledged
acknowledges
acknowledging
acquire
acquire nuclear
acquired
acquiring
acquiring nuclear
acquiring nuclear weapon
acquisition
acquisitions
acre
acres
acres land
acronym
acrosstheboard
act
act act
act actually
act allows
act bipartisan
act cara
act climate
act colleagues
act create
act critical
act enacted
act end
act ensure
act federal
act first
act fiscal
act give
act good
act help
act hope
act important
act included
act includes
act introduced
act known
act law
act legislation
act let
act million
act move
act pass
act passed
act pleased
act protect
act proud
act provide
act provides
act put
act quickly
act require
act requires
act says
act signed
act signed law
act simply
act since
act something
act still
act stop
act takes
act terrorism
act together
act voted
act way
acted
acting
actions
actions taken
active
active duty
activeduty
actively
activism
activist
activists
activities
activity
actor
actors
acts
acts terrorism
actthe
actual
actually
actually help
actually pass
actually passed
actually put
actually something
actually things
acute
ad
adam
adam szubin
adams
adapt
add
add another
add billion
added
addict
addicted
addiction
addiction recovery
addiction recovery act
addiction treatment
addictive
addicts
adding
addition
additional
additional billion
additional funding
additional funds
additional million
additional minute
additional resources
additional tools
additionally
addressed
addresses
adds
adequate
adequately
adhere
adjacent
adjournment
adjust
adjusted
adjustment
adjustment assistance
adjustments
adm
administer
administered
administration
administration administration
administration announced
administration officials
administration says
administration taken
administrations
administrative
administrator
administrators
admirable
admiral
admiration
admire
admired
admission
admissions
admit
admits
admitted
admitting
adopt
adopted
adopting
adoption
ads
adult
adults
advance
advance legislation
advanced
advanced centrifuges
advancement
advancements
advances
advancing
advantage
advantages
adventure
adversaries
adversary
adverse
adversely
adversity
advertising
advise
advised
adviser
advisers
advisor
advisory
advisory board
advocacy
advocacy groups
advocate
advocated
advocates
advocating
aerial
aerospace
affect
affected
affecting
affection
affects
affiliated
affiliates
affiliation
affirm
affirmative
affirmatively
affirmed
afflicted
affluent
afford
afford college
afford health
affordability
affordable
affordable care
affordable care act
affordable energy
affordable health
affordable health care
affordable housing
afforded
affront
afghan
afghanistan
afghanistan iraq
afraid
africa
african
african american
african americans
africanamerican
africanamerican woman
aftermath
afternoon
afterschool
afterward
ag
age
aged
agencies
agencies federal
agency
agency federal
agency government
agency international
agency responsible
agencys
agenda
agent
agents
ages
aggregate
aggression
aggressive
aggressively
aging
agoa
agreeing
agreements
agrees
agricultural
agricultural products
agriculture
agriculture nutrition
agriculture nutrition forestry
ahead
aid
aide
aided
aiding
aids
aim
aimed
aims
air
air act
air force
air force base
air forces
air national
air national guard
air traffic
air traffic control
air water
airborne
aircraft
airline
airliner
airlines
airmen
airmen marines
airplane
airplanes
airport
airport security
airports
airspace
airstrikes
aisle
ak
akron
al
al qaeda
alan
alarm
alarming
alaskan
alaskas
alassad
albert
alcohol
alert
alex
alexander
alexander murray
ali
alien
aliens
align
aligned
alike
alive
allegations
alleged
allegedly
allegiance
allen
alleviate
alliance
alliances
allied
allies
allies partners
allies region
allies world
allocate
allocated
allocation
allocations
allowable
allowed
allowing
allows
alltime
ally
ally israel
alma
alma mater
alone
along
along colleague
along colleagues
along way
alongside
already
already passed
already seeing
already seen
already taken
already voted
alter
altered
alternative
alternatives
although
altogether
alumni
always
always case
always remember
alzheimers
alzheimers disease
amazed
amazing
amazingly
ambassador
ambassador united
ambassadors
ambiguity
ambition
ambitions
ambitious
ambush
amend
amending
america
america allies
america america
america better
america country
america first
america good
america needs
america safe
america world
american
american academy
american american
american association
american businesses
american children
american citizen
american citizens
american companies
american consumers
american deserve
american deserve better
american dream
american economy
american elected
american energy
american expect
american exports
american families
american family
american farmers
american first
american government
american health
american history
american hostages
american indian
american innovation
american issue
american jobs
american law
american leadership
american legion
american life
american lives
american manufacturers
american manufacturing
american medical
american medical association
american middle
american middle class
american peoples
american products
american progress
american public
american security
american society
american society civil
american soil
american soldiers
american tax
american taxpayer
american taxpayers
american troops
american values
american veterans
american voice
american way
american women
american worker
american workers
american workers american
americanmade
americans
americans access
americans act
americans american
americans americans
americans country
americans deserve
americans die
americans died
americans face
americans health
americans health care
americans health insurance
americans home
americans including
americans killed
americans live
americans living
americans lose
americans lost
americans pay
americans phone
americans privacy
americans safe
americans still
americas
americas economy
americas energy
americas middle
americas national
americas national security
amicus
amidst
ammunition
amnesty
among
among others
among things
amongst
amount
amount money
amounted
amounts
ample
amtrak
amy
analyses
analysis
analyst
analysts
analyze
analyzed
analyzing
anchor
anderson
andrew
andy
angela
anger
angry
animal
animals
ann
anne
annex
anniversary
announced
announcement
announcing
annual
annually
another
another billion
another bipartisan
another case
another country
another example
another government
another important
another issue
another matter
another million
another part
another person
another question
another reason
another shortterm
another state
another step
another thing
another way
answer
answer question
answer questions
answer yes
answered
answering
answers
answers questions
anthem
anthony
anticipate
anticipated
antiquated
antitrafficking
antitrust
antonin
antonin scalia
anxiety
anxious
anybody
anybody else
anybodys
anymore
anyone
anyone else
anyone ever
anyplace
anything
anything else
anytime
anytime anywhere
anyway
anywhere
anywhere else
anywhere world
ap
apart
apartment
apologize
appalachian
appalling
apparatus
apparent
apparently
appeal
appealed
appealing
appeals
appear
appearance
appeared
appears
appellate
applaud
apple
applicable
applicable sections
applicable sections act
applicants
application
applications
applied
applies
apply
applying
appointed
appointees
appointment
appointments
appreciate
appreciate colleague
appreciate colleagues
appreciate comments
appreciate hard
appreciate leadership
appreciate much
appreciated
appreciative
apprehended
approach
approached
approaches
approaching
appropriate
appropriated
appropriately
appropriates
appropriating
appropriation
appropriations
appropriations act
appropriations appropriations
appropriations department
appropriations fiscal
appropriations passed
appropriations process
appropriations subcommittee
appropriators
approval
approval process
approve
approve disapprove
approve keystone
approves
approving
approximately
approximately billion
approximately million
approximately percent
ar
arab
arabia
arabian
arak
arbitrarily
arbitrary
architects
arctic
area
areas
areas country
arena
arent
arguably
argue
argued
argues
arguing
argument
arguments
arise
arises
arm
armed
armed forces
armed services
arms
arms embargo
arms race
army
army air
army corps
army corps engineers
army national
army national guard
army reserve
armys
arose
arrangement
arrangements
array
arrest
arrested
arrests
arrival
arrivals
arrive
arrived
arriving
arsenal
art
arthur
article
article entitled
article ii
article ii section
article says
article section
articles
articulate
articulated
artificial
artificially
artillery
artists
arts
ash
ash carter
ashamed
asia
asian
asiapacific
asiapacific region
asked
asked question
asked whether
asking
asks
aspect
aspects
aspirations
aspire
assad
assad regime
assad regime syria
assads
assassination
assault
assault weapon
assault weapons
assaulted
assaults
assemble
assembly
assert
asserted
assertion
assertions
assess
assessed
assessing
assessment
assessments
asset
assets
assigned
assignment
assignments
assist
assistance
assistance program
assistant
assistant attorney
assistant secretary
assisted
assisting
assists
associate
associated
associated press
associates
association
association american
association manufacturers
association national
association state
associations
assume
assumed
assuming
assumption
assumptions
assurance
assurances
assure
assured
asthma
astonishing
astounding
asylum
athlete
athletes
athletic
athletics
atlantic
atmosphere
atmospheric
atomic
atomic energy
atomic energy agency
atrisk
atrocities
attach
attached
attack
attack country
attack womens
attack womens health
attacked
attackers
attacking
attacks
attacks paris
attacks united
attacks united states
attempt
attempted
attempting
attempts
attend
attendance
attended
attending
attends
attention
attention issue
attest
attitude
attorney
attorney general
attorney general state
attorney general united
attorneys
attorneys general
attract
attracted
attracting
attractive
attributed
attributes
audience
audit
audits
australia
author
authored
authorities
authority
authority regulate
authority trade
authorization
authorization act
authorization act fiscal
authorization military
authorization military force
authorizations
authorize
authorizes
authorizing
authors
auto
auto industry
automatic
automatically
automobile
automobiles
automotive
availability
available
available public
avenue
avenues
average
average age
average american
average percent
averaged
avert
aviation
aviation administration
aviation security
avid
avoid
avoided
avoiding
await
awaiting
award
awarded
awards
awardwinning
aware
awareness
away
away age
away home
awful
awful lot
ayatollah
ayatollah khamenei
ayatollahs
aye
ayotte
az
babies
babies born
baby
bachelor
bachelor science
bachelors
bachelors degree
backbone
backdoor
backdrop
backed
background
background check
background check system
background checks
backgrounds
backing
backlog
backlogs
backs
backward
backwards
backyard
bad
bad actors
bad behavior
bad deal
bad guys
bad idea
bad news
bad policy
bad things
badge
badly
badly needed
bag
baggage
baghdad
bags
bail
bailout
baker
bakken
balance
balance budget
balanced
balanced budget
balances
balancing
baldwin
ball
ballistic
ballistic missile
ballistic missile program
ballistic missiles
ballot
ban
band
bank
bankers
banking
banking housing
banking housing urban
bankrupt
bankruptcy
banks
banned
banning
bans
baptist
bar
bar association
barack
barack obama
barbara
barbara boxer
barbara mikulski
barbaric
bare
barely
bargain
bargaining
barrasso
barred
barrel
barrels
barrels oil
barrier
barriers
bars
base
base budget
baseball
based
baseline
basement
bases
bashar
bashar alassad
basic
basic health
basic health care
basic human
basic human rights
basically
basically saying
basically says
basin
basis
basketball
bathroom
battalion
battery
battle
battlefield
battles
battling
bay
beaches
beacon
bear
bear arms
bearing
bears
beat
beaten
beating
beautiful
beautiful state
beauty
becomes
becomes law
becoming
becoming law
becoming nuclear
bed
bedrock
beds
beef
beer
beg
began
began career
begging
begin
begin process
beginning
beginnings
begins
begun
behalf
behalf american
behalf state
behavior
behavioral
behavioral health
behind
behind bars
behind closed
behind closed doors
behind scenes
beings
beirut
belgium
belief
beliefs
believed
believer
believes
believing
bell
belong
belongs
beloved
ben
bench
benchmark
bend
beneath
beneficial
beneficiaries
beneficiary
benefit
benefit american
benefited
benefiting
benefits
benefits earned
benefitted
benjamin
bennet
bennett
bent
bernardino
beside
besides
best
best brightest
best deal
best interest
best interests
best luck
best possible
best practices
best retirement
best thing
best way
best ways
best wishes
best world
bet
better
better american
better better
better care
better country
better deal
better health
better health care
better job
better jobs
better life
better place
better prepared
better protect
better understanding
better way
better ways
betterment
beyond
bias
bible
bicameral
bid
bidding
biden
big
big bipartisan
big corporations
big deal
big difference
big government
big oil
big part
big problem
big step
big tobacco
bigger
biggest
bigotry
bilateral
billa
billand
billion
billion annually
billion billion
billion budget
billion debt
billion defense
billion dollars
billion emergency
billion federal
billion funding
billion goods
billion increase
billion million
billion next
billion per
billion spending
billion spent
billion tax
billionaire
billionaires
billions
billions dollars
billthe
bin
bind
binding
biological
biology
biomass
biomedical
biomedical research
biotechnology
bipartisan
bipartisan approach
bipartisan basis
bipartisan bicameral
bipartisan budget
bipartisan budget act
bipartisan coalition
bipartisan comprehensive
bipartisan compromise
bipartisan consensus
bipartisan cooperation
bipartisan effort
bipartisan energy
bipartisan fashion
bipartisan group
bipartisan help
bipartisan hope
bipartisan issue
bipartisan legislation
bipartisan majority
bipartisan manner
bipartisan measure
bipartisan passed
bipartisan piece
bipartisan piece legislation
bipartisan proposal
bipartisan solution
bipartisan way
bipartisanship
birds
birth
birth control
birth defects
birthday
bite
bitter
bizarre
black
blame
blank
blank check
blanket
blatant
blatantly
bless
blessed
blessing
blessings
blind
blind eye
bloc
bloc nos
block
block funding
block grant
blockade
blocked
blocking
blocks
blood
bloody
bloomberg
blow
blowing
blown
blue
blue cross
blueprint
blumenthal
blunt
board
board directors
board education
board members
board trustees
boards
boasts
boat
boats
bob
bobby
bodies
body
body body
body passed
body voted
body world
bodys
boehner
boeing
boko
boko haram
bold
bolster
bomb
bomber
bombers
bombing
bombs
bond
bonds
bone
bonnie
bonus
bonuses
book
booker
books
boom
boon
boost
boost economy
boosting
boots
boozman
border
border patrol
border patrol agents
border protection
border security
borders
born
born raised
borne
borrow
borrow money
borrowed
borrowers
borrowing
bosnia
boss
bother
bottle
bottled
bottom
bottom line
bought
bound
boundaries
bounds
bow
bowl
box
boxer
boy
boy scouts
boys
boys girls
brain
brain injury
brains
branch
branch government
branches
branches government
brand
brandeis
brandnew
brandon
brave
brave men
brave men women
bravely
bravery
brazil
breach
breached
breaches
breadth
break
breakfast
breaking
breakout
breaks
breakthrough
breakthroughs
breast
breast cancer
breath
breathe
breathing
breathtaking
breeding
brennan
brent
brian
bridge
bridges
brief
briefed
briefing
briefings
briefly
brigade
brigade combat
bright
brighter
brightest
brilliant
bring
bring attention
bring end
bring together
bringing
bringing together
brings
brings together
brink
britain
british
broad
broad bipartisan
broad range
broadband
broadcast
broaden
broader
broadly
broke
broken
broken immigration
broken immigration system
broken law
broken promises
broken system
bronze
bronze star
brookings
brother
brothers
brothers sisters
brought
brought iran
brought together
brought united
brought united states
brown
brown board
bruce
brunt
brussels
brutal
brutality
brutally
buck
bucks
budget
budget act
budget actually
budget billion
budget budget
budget caps
budget control
budget control act
budget cut
budget cuts
budget deal
budget deficit
budget first
budget fiscal
budget passed
budget point
budget process
budget proposal
budget republican
budget request
budget resolutions
budgetary
budgeting
budgets
buffalo
build
build nuclear
build pipeline
builders
buildings
builds
built
bulk
bulk collection
bulk data
bullet
bullets
bully
bullying
bunch
burden
burdened
burdens
burdensome
burdensome regulations
bureau
bureau investigation
bureaucracies
bureaucracy
bureaucratic
bureaucrats
buried
burn
burned
burning
burns
burr
burwell
bus
buses
bush
bush administration
bush obama
bushs
busiest
businesses
businesses country
businessman
busy
button
buy
buy american
buy gun
buy guns
buy insurance
buy weapon
buyer
buyers
buying
buying gun
buying guns
buys
bypass
byrd
ca
cabinet
cadillac
calculate
calculated
calculation
calculations
califf
caliphate
called
calling
calls
calm
came
came country
came home
came together
came united
came united states
camera
cameras
camp
campaign
campaign finance
campaign trail
campaigning
campaigns
campbell
camps
campus
campuses
canada
canada united
canada united states
canadian
canadian oil
canadians
canal
cancel
canceled
cancer
cancer research
cancer screenings
cancers
candidate
candidates
candy
cant
cant afford
cant anything
cant cant
cant find
cant help
cant imagine
cant keep
cant let
cant move
cant pass
cant tell
cant wait
cantwell
canyon
cap
capabilities
capability
capable
capacities
capacity
capandtrade
capita
capital
capito
capitol
capitol hill
capped
caps
captain
capture
captured
car
car accidents
cara
carbon
carbon dioxide
carbon emissions
carbon pollution
carbon tax
card
cardin
cards
care
care act
care affordable
care american
care benefits
care children
care choices
care costs
care country
care coverage
care decisions
care deeply
care delivery
care deserve
care education
care families
care family
care health
care insurance
care law
care needs
care patients
care plan
care plans
care program
care provider
care providers
care reform
care services
care system
care va
care veterans
care women
cared
career
career public
careers
careful
carefully
carefully crafted
caregiver
caregivers
cares
cargo
caribbean
caring
carl
carnage
carper
carried
carrier
carriers
carries
carry
carrying
cars
cartels
carter
carved
case
case case
casebycase
caseload
cases
cases involving
cases zika
casey
cash
cassidy
cast
casting
castro
casualties
casualty
catalyst
catastrophe
catastrophic
catch
catching
categories
category
catfish
catholic
cattle
caucus
caught
cause
cause death
caused
causes
causing
caution
cbo
cdc
cease
ceiling
celebrate
celebrate life
celebrate th
celebrate th anniversary
celebrated
celebrates
celebrates th
celebrating
celebrating th
celebrating th anniversary
celebration
celebrations
cell
cell phone
cell phones
cells
cement
cemetery
census
centennial
center
center american
center missing
center missing exploited
centered
centerpiece
centers
centers disease
centers disease control
centers medicare
centers medicare medicaid
central
central america
central american
centrifuge
centrifuges
cents
cents dollar
centuries
century
ceo
ceos
ceremonies
ceremony
certain
certainly
certainly hope
certainty
certificate
certification
certified
certify
cervical
cetera
chain
chains
chair
chair energy
chaired
chairmans
chairmanship
chairmen
chairs
chairwoman
challenge
challenged
challenges
challenges face
challenges facing
challenging
chamber
chamber commerce
chambers
champion
championed
championing
champions
championship
championships
chance
chancellor
chances
change
change behavior
change climate
change course
change law
change policy
change real
change rules
change way
changed
changed dramatically
changed since
changes
changes law
changing
channel
channels
chaos
chaotic
chaplain
chapter
chapters
character
characteristics
characterization
characterized
charge
charged
charges
charging
charitable
charities
charity
charles
charlie
chart
chart shows
charter
charts
chase
chattanooga
cheap
cheaper
cheat
cheated
cheating
cheats
check
check system
checked
checking
checks
checks balances
cheering
chemical
chemical safety
chemical weapons
chemicals
chemistry
cherish
cherished
chesapeake
chicken
chief
chief army
chief executive
chief judge
chief justice
chiefs
chiefs police
child
child abuse
child achieves
child achieves act
child born
child care
child labor
child left
child left behind
child pornography
child protection
child tax
child tax credit
child welfare
childcare
childhood
childhood arrivals
childhood education
children
children age
children better
children born
children children
children country
children families
children grandchildren
children living
children safe
children school
children schools
children state
children young
childrens
childrens health
childrens health insurance
childrens hospital
childs
chilling
china
china china
china india
china korea
china russia
china sea
chinas
chinese
chip
choice
choice act
choice choice
choice program
choices
choose
chooses
choosing
chose
chosen
chris
christ
christian
christians
christmas
christopher
chronic
chuck
chuck grassley
church
churches
cia
cia director
cigarette
cigarettes
cincinnati
cindy
circle
circuit
circuit court
circuit court appeals
circumstance
circumstances
circumvent
cite
cited
cities
cities country
cities towns
citing
citizen
citizenry
citizens
citizens country
citizens puerto
citizens puerto rico
citizens state
citizens united
citizens united states
citizenship
citys
civic
civil
civil engineers
civil liberties
civil rights
civil rights act
civil rights movement
civil society
civil war
civilian
civilians
civilization
civilized
claim
claimed
claiming
claims
clapper
clarification
clarifies
clarify
clarifying
clarity
clark
class
classes
classic
classified
classified information
classmates
classroom
classrooms
clause
clay
clay hunt
clay hunt suicide
clean
clean air
clean air act
clean energy
clean energy economy
clean funding
clean power
clean power plan
clean water
clean water act
cleaner
cleaning
cleanup
clear
clear message
clear path
clear republicans
clearance
cleared
clearer
clearing
clearly
clerk
clerks
clever
clients
cliff
climate
climate change
climate change real
climate science
climate scientists
climb
climbing
clinic
clinical
clinics
clinton
clinton administration
clintons
clock
close
close friend
close loophole
close loopholes
close saying
closed
closed doors
closely
closer
closes
closest
closing
closure
clothes
clothing
cloud
club
clubs
cms
cnn
co
coach
coaches
coaching
coal
coal industry
coal miners
coal oil
coalfired
coalition
coalitions
coast
coast guard
coastal
coastline
coasts
coats
coauthor
coauthored
coburn
cocaine
cochair
cochran
code
codes
coequal
coffee
coherent
coincidence
col
cold
cold war
cole
colin
collaborate
collaboration
collaborative
collapse
collapsed
collateral
colleague
colleague friend
colleague question
colleague senior
colleague state
colleagues
colleagues aisle
colleagues american
colleagues bipartisan
colleagues congratulating
colleagues democratic
colleagues find
colleagues friends
colleagues give
colleagues help
colleagues honoring
colleagues hope
colleagues important
colleagues including
colleagues keep
colleagues legislation
colleagues lets
colleagues move
colleagues much
colleagues oppose
colleagues particularly
colleagues pass
colleagues put
colleagues recognizing
colleagues reject
colleagues republican
colleagues side
colleagues side aisle
colleagues sides
colleagues sides aisle
colleagues supporting
colleagues talking
colleagues together
colleagues voted
colleagues voting
colleagues way
colleagues yes
collect
collected
collecting
collection
collection americans
collection program
collective
collective bargaining
collectively
collects
college
college affordability
college affordable
college degree
college education
college students
college university
colleges
colleges universities
collins
colloquy
colombia
colonel
color
column
columnist
com
combat
combat human
combat human trafficking
combat zika
combatant
combating
combatting
combination
combine
combined
comes
comey
comfort
comfortable
coming
coming country
coming days
coming end
coming state
coming together
coming united
coming united states
coming weeks
command
commandant
commanded
commander
commander chief
commanders
commanding
commands
commemorate
commemorate th
commemorate th anniversary
commemorating
commend
commend colleagues
commendable
commendation
commended
commending
comment
commentary
commented
comments
commerce
commerce science
commerce science transportation
commercial
commission
commissioned
commissioner
commissioners
commissions
commit
commit crimes
commitment
commitments
commits
committeeand
committeereported
committeereported substitute
committees
committees jurisdiction
committing
commodities
commodity
common
common core
common defense
common good
common ground
commonly
commonsense
commonsense approach
commonsense bipartisan
commonsense legislation
commonsense measures
commonsense reforms
commonwealth
communicate
communicating
communication
communications
communist
communities
communities country
communities families
communities nation
communities safe
communities safer
communities serve
communities state
communities states
communities throughout
community
community college
community colleges
community country
community development
community development block
community health
community health centers
community members
community state
communitybased
communitys
commuter
companies
companies country
companion
companion legislation
company
companys
comparable
compare
compared
comparing
comparison
compassion
compassionate
compel
compelled
compelling
compensate
compensated
compensation
compete
compete global
compete global economy
competence
competent
competing
competition
competitive
competitive global
competitiveness
competitor
competitors
complain
complained
complaining
complaint
complaints
complement
completed
completely
completing
completion
complex
complexity
compliance
complicated
complications
complicit
complies
compliment
comply
complying
component
components
composed
compound
compounded
comprehend
comprehensive
comprehensive addiction
comprehensive addiction recovery
comprehensive approach
comprehensive immigration
comprehensive immigration reform
comprehensive plan
comprehensive tax
comprehensive tax reform
comprise
comprised
compromise
compromised
compromises
compromising
computer
computers
con
concede
conceived
concentrate
concentration
concentrations
concept
concepts
concern
concerned
concerning
concerns
concerns raised
concerns regarding
concert
concerted
concession
concessions
conclude
conclude saying
concluded
concludes
concluding
conclusion
conclusions
concord
concrete
concurrent
condemn
condemnation
condemned
condemning
condition
conditions
condolences
condolences family
conducted
conducting
conducts
confederate
conferees
conference
conference accompany
conference meetings
conferences
confidence
confident
confidential
confined
confirm
confirmation
confirmation hearings
confirmation process
confirmations
confirmed
confirmed legislative
confirming
confirms
conflict
conflicting
conflicts
confront
confronted
confronting
confused
confusing
confusion
congestion
congratulate
congratulating
congratulations
congregation
congresses
congressionally
congressman
congressman john
congressmen
congresss
congresswoman
conjunction
connect
connect dots
connected
connecting
connection
connections
connects
conscience
conscious
consecutive
consensus
consequence
consequences
consequential
consequently
conservation
conservation fund
conservative
conservatives
conserve
considerable
considerations
considering
considering legislation
considers
consistency
consistent
consistently
consists
consolidate
consolidated
conspiracy
constant
constantly
constituent
constituents
constitute
constitutes
constitution
constitution clear
constitution constitution
constitution requires
constitution says
constitution united
constitution united states
constitutional
constitutional authority
constitutional duties
constitutional duty
constitutional obligation
constitutional responsibility
constitutional rights
constitutional role
constitutional system
constitutionally
constitutions
constrained
constraints
construct
constructed
constructing
construction
construction jobs
construction projects
construction veterans
construction workers
constructive
consult
consultant
consultation
consulted
consulting
consume
consumed
consumer
consumer financial
consumer financial protection
consumer protection
consumers
consumes
consumption
contact
contacted
contain
contained
containing
contains
contaminated
contamination
contemplate
contemplated
contemplating
contempt
contend
content
contentious
contents
contest
context
continent
continental
continental united
continental united states
contingency
contingency operations
contingent
continually
continuation
continuing
continuing resolutions
continuous
continuously
contraception
contract
contracted
contracting
contractor
contractors
contracts
contrary
contrast
contribute
contributed
contributes
contributing
contributor
contributors
control
control act
control prevention
controlled
controlling
controlling first
controlling first half
controls
controversial
controversy
convene
convened
convenience
convenient
convention
conventional
conventional weapons
conversation
conversations
convert
convey
convicted
conviction
convictions
convince
convinced
convincing
cook
cooking
cool
coons
coop
cooperate
cooperated
cooperating
cooperation
cooperative
coops
coordinate
coordinated
coordinating
coordination
coordinator
cop
copays
cope
cops
copy
cord
core
core values
corker
corker cardin
corn
corner
corners
cornerstone
cornyn
cornyns
corporal
corporate
corporate tax
corporation
corporations
corps
corps engineers
correct
corrected
corrections
correctly
corresponding
corridor
corrupt
corruption
cory
cosponsor
cosponsor legislation
cosponsored
cosponsoring
cosponsors
cosponsors legislation
cost
cost american
cost billion
cost college
cost federal
cost health
cost health care
cost million
cost taxpayers
costeffective
costing
costly
costs
costs families
cotton
couldnt
couldnt afford
council
council resolutions
councils
counsel
counseling
counselor
counselors
counsels
count
count postcloture
counted
counter
countering
counterpart
counterparts
counterproductive
counterterrorism
counties
counting
countless
countless hours
countries
countries china
countries including
countries united
countries united states
countries world
country
country actually
country already
country american
country americans
country another
country best
country better
country certainly
country colleagues
country country
country economy
country energy
country face
country faces
country facing
country federal
country first
country give
country good
country help
country history
country home
country hope
country illegally
country important
country including
country keep
country let
country lets
country live
country lot
country making
country million
country move
country much
country national
country needs
country part
country particularly
country percent
country proud
country provide
country put
country really
country republicans
country safe
country safer
country seen
country simply
country since
country something
country state
country states
country still
country together
country trying
country united
country united states
country way
country whether
country world
country yet
countryand
countrys
countrys history
countrythe
counts
county
county sheriffs
county state
couple
couple days
couple examples
couple things
couple weeks
coupled
couples
courage
courageous
courageously
course
courses
court
court appeals
court case
court cases
court court
court decided
court decision
court decisions
court district
court federal
court full
court held
court judge
court judges
court justice
court justices
court land
court nominee
court nominees
court put
court ruled
court rules
court ruling
court system
court united
court united states
court vacancies
court vacancy
courtesy
courthouse
courtroom
courts
courts decision
cousin
cover
coverage
covered
covering
covers
covert
coworkers
cows
cr
crack
cracking
cracks
craft
crafted
crafting
crapo
crash
crashed
crashes
crazy
create
create goodpaying
create jobs
create million
create opportunities
created
creates
creates jobs
creating
creating jobs
creation
creative
creativity
creator
creators
credentials
credibility
credible
credit
credit card
credited
creditors
credits
creek
crew
crews
cries
crime
crime victims
crimea
crimes
criminal
criminal activity
criminal background
criminal background check
criminal justice
criminal justice reform
criminal justice system
criminal organizations
criminals
crippling
crises
crisis
crisis country
crisis crisis
crisis facing
criteria
critical
critical funding
critical health
critical importance
critical infrastructure
critical investments
critical issue
critical issues
critical legislation
critical national
critical national security
critical part
critical piece
critical programs
critical resources
critical role
critically
critically important
criticism
criticisms
criticize
criticized
criticizing
critics
crop
crops
cross
crossborder
crossed
crosses
crossing
crossings
crossroads
crow
crowd
crowded
crucial
crude
crude oil
cruel
crumbling
crumbling infrastructure
crusade
crush
crushed
crushing
cruz
cry
crying
crystal
crystal clear
ct
cuba
cuban
cultural
culture
cum
cum laude
cumbersome
cup
curb
cure
cures
curious
currency
currency manipulation
current
current administration
current law
current state
current system
currently
currently serves
curriculum
curve
custody
customer
customers
customs
customs border
customs border protection
customs enforcement
cut
cut billion
cut funding
cut half
cut short
cuts
cutting
cutting edge
cuttingedge
cyber
cyber attack
cyber attacks
cyber crime
cyber criminals
cyber security
cyber security legislation
cyber space
cyber threat
cyber threat information
cyber threats
cybersecurity
cybersecurity information
cybersecurity information sharing
cycle
cynical
daca
daca program
dad
dads
daily
daily basis
daily lives
daines
dairy
dam
damage
damaged
damages
damaging
dams
dan
dance
danger
dangerous
dangerous criminals
dangerous precedent
dangerous world
dangerously
dangers
daniel
dare
dark
dark money
darkest
darkness
darn
data
data collection
database
databases
dated
dates
dating
daughter
daughters
daunting
dave
david
davis
dawn
daylight
days
days ahead
days away
days days
days left
days since
days week
days weeks
daytoday
dc
dc circuit
de
de facto
dea
dead
deadliest
deadline
deadlines
deadly
deaf
deal
deal american
deal bad
deal better
deal deal
deal iran
deal issue
deal issues
deal obama
deal problem
dealer
dealers
dealing
dealing issue
deals
dealt
dean
dear
dear friend
dearly
death
death america
death justice
deaths
debated
debated voted
debates
debating
debbie
debilitating
debt
debt ceiling
debt crisis
debt gratitude
debt limit
debt trillion
debts
decade
decades
decadeslong
deceit
decency
decent
deception
deceptive
decide
decide whether
decided
decides
deciding
decision
decision supreme
decision supreme court
decision whether
decisionmaking
decisions
decisive
decisively
deck
declaration
declaration independence
declare
declared
declaring
decline
declined
declines
declining
decorated
decrease
decreased
decreases
decreasing
dedicate
dedicated
dedicated life
dedicated public
dedicated public servant
dedication
deductible
deductibles
deduction
deductions
deeds
deem
deep
deeper
deepest
deepest condolences
deeply
deeply concerned
deer
default
defeat
defeat isil
defeat isis
defeated
defeating
defect
defects
defend
defend constitution
defend country
defend nation
defendant
defendants
defended
defender
defenders
defending
defending country
defending nation
defense
defense appropriations
defense authorization
defense authorization act
defense budget
defense country
defense department
defense intelligence
defense nation
defense national
defense nondefense
defense secretary
defense spending
defenses
defensive
defer
deference
deferred
deferred childhood
deferred childhood arrivals
defiance
deficiencies
deficient
deficit
deficit reduction
deficit spending
deficitneutral
deficitneutral reserve
deficitneutral reserve fund
deficits
defies
define
defined
defines
defining
definitely
definition
definitions
definitive
defund
defund planned
defund planned parenthood
defunding
defunding planned
defunding planned parenthood
defy
degrade
degrading
degree
degree university
degrees
delay
delayed
delaying
delays
delegate
delegation
deliberate
deliberately
deliberation
deliberations
deliberative
deliberative body
delicate
delighted
deliver
delivered
delivering
delivers
delivery
delivery system
delta
demand
demanded
demanding
demands
democracy
democrat
democrat republican
democrat voted
democratic
democratic administrations
democratic caucus
democratic colleagues
democratic friends
democratic leadership
democratic majority
democratic members
democratic party
democratic presidents
democratic republican
democratic side
democratic side aisle
democratically
democraticcontrolled
democrats
democrats alike
democrats controlling
democrats majority
democrats republicans
democrats republicans together
democrats supported
democrats together
democrats voted
demographic
demonstrates
demonstrating
demonstration
dempsey
denial
denied
deniers
denies
dennis
dental
deny
denying
department
department agriculture
department commerce
department defense
department defenses
department education
department energy
department energys
department health
department health human
department homeland
department homeland security
department homeland securitys
department housing
department housing urban
department interior
department justice
department labor
department state
department transportation
department treasury
department veterans
departments
departments agencies
departure
depend
dependable
dependence
dependency
dependent
depending
depends
deplorable
deploy
deployed
deploying
deployment
deployments
deport
deportation
deported
deporting
depot
depression
deprive
deprived
depth
deputy
deputy attorney
deputy attorney general
deputy director
derail
derived
describe
described
describes
describing
description
desert
deserve
deserve better
deserve nothing
deserved
deserves
deserving
design
designate
designated
designating
designation
designations
designed
designed help
designed protect
designees
designs
desire
desired
desires
desks
despair
desperate
desperately
desperately needed
despicable
despite
destabilize
destabilizing
destination
destined
destiny
destroy
destroy isil
destroyed
destroying
destroys
destruction
destructive
detail
detailed
detailing
details
detain
detained
detainees
detaining
detect
detected
detection
detention
deter
deteriorating
determination
determinations
determine
determine whether
determined
determines
determining
deterrence
deterrent
detriment
detrimental
devastate
devastated
devastating
devastating effects
devastating impact
devastation
develop
develop nuclear
develop nuclear weapon
developed
developers
developing
developing countries
developing nuclear
developing nuclear weapon
developing world
development
development act
development block
development block grant
development nuclear
developmental
developments
develops
device
devices
devote
devoted
devoted life
devotion
dhs
dhs funding
diabetes
diagnosed
diagnosis
dialogue
dick
dictate
dictated
dictates
dictator
dictatorship
didnt
didnt anything
didnt happen
didnt hear
didnt really
didnt stop
die
died
dies
diesel
differ
difference
difference lives
difference opinion
differences
differences opinion
different
different approach
different countries
different parts
different states
different things
different views
different way
different ways
differently
differing
difficult
difficulties
difficulty
dig
digging
digital
digital age
dignity
dilemma
diligence
diligent
diligently
dime
dimensions
diminish
diminished
diminishing
dinner
dioxide
diploma
diplomacy
diplomatic
diplomats
dire
direct
direct result
directed
directing
direction
direction country
directions
directives
directly
director
director cia
director comey
director national
director national intelligence
directors
directs
dirt
dirtiest
dirty
disabilities
disability
disability insurance
disabled
disadvantage
disadvantaged
disagree
disagreed
disagreement
disagreements
disagrees
disappear
disappeared
disappearing
disappointed
disappointing
disappointment
disapproval
disapprove
disaster
disaster relief
disasters
disastrous
discharge
discharged
discipline
disclose
disclosed
disclosure
disclosures
discount
discourage
discouraged
discouraging
discourse
discover
discovered
discoveries
discovery
discretion
discretionary
discretionary spending
discriminate
discrimination
discriminatory
discuss
discuss issue
discussed
discussing
discussion
discussions
disease
disease control
disease control prevention
diseases
disgrace
disgraceful
dishonest
disingenuous
dismantle
dismantled
dismantling
dismiss
dismissed
disorder
disorders
disparities
disparity
dispensed
displaced
display
displayed
disposal
dispose
disposed
disposition
disposition legislative
disproportionate
disproportionately
dispute
disputes
disregard
disrepair
disrupt
disrupted
disruption
disruptions
disruptive
dissent
disservice
distance
distances
distant
distinct
distinction
distinguished
distinguished career
distinguished colleague
distinguished majority
distinguished senior
distort
distorted
distracted
distressed
distribute
distributed
distribution
district
district attorneys
district court
district court district
district court judge
district judge
districts
distrust
disturbed
disturbing
ditch
ditches
diverse
diversion
diversity
divert
divide
divided
divided designees
divided government
divides
division
divisions
divisive
dna
doc
doc fix
doctor
doctorate
doctors
doctors hospitals
doctors nurses
doctrine
document
documentation
documented
documents
dod
doddfrank
doe
dog
dogs
dollar
dollars
dollars federal
dollars spent
domain
dome
domestic
domestic energy
domestic product
domestic spending
domestic violence
domestically
dominant
dominate
dominated
donald
donald trump
donate
donated
donations
donnelly
donor
donors
door
doors
doors open
dots
double
double standard
doubled
doubledigit
doubling
doubt
doubts
doug
douglas
downpayment
downtown
downturn
downward
dozen
dozens
dr
dr martin
dr martin luther
dr robert
draconian
draft
drafted
drafting
drag
dragged
dragging
drain
drama
dramatic
dramatic increase
dramatically
drastic
drastically
draw
draw attention
drawing
drawn
draws
dream
dreamed
dreamers
dreams
drew
drill
drilling
drink
drinking
drinking water
drive
drive act
driven
driver
drivers
drives
driving
driving force
drone
drones
drop
dropped
dropped percent
dropping
drought
droughts
drove
drowning
drug
drug abuse
drug addiction
drug administration
drug dealers
drug enforcement
drug enforcement administration
drug epidemic
drug monitoring
drug overdose
drug overdose deaths
drug overdoses
drug traffickers
drug trafficking
drugs
drugs heroin
drunk
dry
dual
dubious
due
due process
due respect
duly
dump
dumped
dumping
duncan
duplication
duplicative
durable
duration
durbin
dust
duties
duty
duty give
duty provide
dwight
dying
dynamic
dysfunction
dysfunctional
eager
eagle
earliest
early
early age
early childhood
early childhood education
early days
early learning
early next
earn
earned
earned respect
earnedincome
earnedincome tax
earnedincome tax credit
earnest
earning
earnings
earns
ears
earth
earthquake
earths
ease
easier
easiest
easily
east
east asia
east coast
eastern
eastern district
eastern europe
eastern ukraine
easy
easy access
eat
eating
ebola
echo
echoed
economic
economic activity
economic benefits
economic challenges
economic development
economic growth
economic impact
economic opportunities
economic policy
economic prosperity
economic recovery
economic sanctions
economic security
economically
economics
economies
economist
economists
economy
economy create
economy grew
economy grow
economy growing
economy help
economy jobs
economy middle
economy national
economy world
ecosystem
ecosystems
ed
edge
edition
editor
editorial
educate
educated
educating
education
education act
education children
education health
education labor
education labor pensions
education law
education policy
education program
education programs
education reform
education students
education system
education training
educational
educational opportunities
educator
educators
edward
effect
effective
effective way
effectively
effectiveness
effects
effects climate
effects climate change
efficiencies
efficiency
efficient
efficient effective
efficiently
effort
effort try
egregious
egypt
eighth
eighty
einstein
eisenhower
either
either side
either way
elaine
elder
elderly
elect
elected
elected official
elected officials
elected representatives
election
election campaign
election cycle
election process
elections
electionyear
electric
electric grid
electrical
electricity
electronic
electronically
electronics
element
elementary
elementary school
elementary secondary
elementary secondary education
elements
elevate
elevated
eleven
eligibility
eligible
eliminate
eliminated
eliminates
eliminating
elimination
elite
elizabeth
eloquent
eloquently
else
else world
elses
elsewhere
email
emails
emanuel
embargo
embarrass
embarrassed
embarrassing
embarrassment
embassy
embedded
embodied
embodies
embody
emboldened
embrace
embraced
embracing
emerge
emerged
emergencies
emergency
emergency funding
emergency management
emergency medical
emergency response
emergency rooms
emergency spending
emergency supplemental
emerging
emily
eminently
eminently qualified
emission
emissions
emotional
empathy
emphasis
emphasize
emphasized
emphasizes
empire
employ
employed
employee
employees
employer
employer mandate
employers
employing
employment
employment opportunities
employs
empower
empowered
empowering
empowerment
empowers
empty
en
en bloc
en bloc nos
enable
enabled
enables
enabling
enact
enact legislation
enacted
enacted law
enacting
enactment
encounter
encountered
encourage
encourage colleagues
encourage members
encouraged
encouragement
encourages
encouraging
encryption
end
end end
end fiscal
end irans
end next
end result
end week
end world
end world war
endanger
endangered
endangered species
endangering
endeavor
endeavors
ended
ending
endless
endorse
endorsed
endorsement
ends
endure
endured
enduring
enemies
enemy
energy
energy agency
energy costs
energy country
energy development
energy economy
energy efficiency
energy efficient
energy energy
energy help
energy independence
energy industry
energy information
energy information administration
energy infrastructure
energy innovation
energy jobs
energy legislation
energy natural
energy natural resources
energy needs
energy policies
energy policy
energy policy modernization
energy prices
energy production
energy projects
energy research
energy resources
energy secretary
energy sector
energy security
energy sources
energy tax
energy technologies
energy water
energy water appropriations
energys
enforce
enforce law
enforce laws
enforceable
enforced
enforcement
enforcement act
enforcement administration
enforcement agencies
enforcement agency
enforcement community
enforcement first
enforcement officers
enforcement officials
enforcement personnel
enforcement tools
enforcing
engage
engage colloquy
engaged
engagement
engages
engaging
engine
engineer
engineered
engineering
engineers
engines
england
english
english language
enhance
enhanced
enhancement
enhancement act
enhancements
enhances
enhancing
enjoy
enjoyed
enjoying
enjoys
enlist
enlisted
enlisted army
enormous
enormous amount
enormously
enrich
enrich uranium
enriched
enriched uranium
enriching
enrichment
enroll
enrolled
enrollees
enrollment
enshrined
enslaved
ensure
ensure access
ensure american
ensure americans
ensure children
ensure federal
ensure iran
ensure military
ensure safety
ensure students
ensured
ensures
ensuring
enter
enter colloquy
enter country
entered
entering
enterprise
enterprises
enters
entertain
entertainment
enthusiasm
enthusiastic
enthusiasts
entire
entire community
entire country
entire economy
entire family
entire life
entire nation
entire state
entire world
entirely
entirety
entities
entitled
entitled examining
entitled oversight
entitlement
entitlement programs
entity
entrepreneur
entrepreneurial
entrepreneurs
entrepreneurship
entrusted
entry
environment
environment public
environment public entitled
environmental
environmental groups
environmental impact
environmental issues
environmental laws
environmental policy
environmental protection
environmental protection agency
environmental stewardship
environmentalists
environmentally
environments
envisioned
enzi
epa
epas
epidemic
episode
epw
equal
equal justice
equal justice law
equal pay
equal pay equal
equal rights
equality
equally
equally divided
equally divided designees
equally important
equation
equip
equipment
equipped
equipping
equitable
equity
equivalent
era
eradicate
eric
ernst
erode
eroded
eroding
erosion
erroneous
error
errors
escalating
escape
escaped
esea
especially
especially given
especially important
especially true
espionage
essence
essential
essential part
essential services
essentially
establish
established
establishes
establishing
establishment
estate
esteemed
estimate
estimated
estimated billion
estimated cost
estimated million
estimates
et
et cetera
ethic
ethical
ethics
ethnic
ethnicity
eu
europe
european
european allies
european union
evade
evaluate
evaluated
evaluating
evaluation
eve
evening
event
events
eventual
eventually
ever
ever heard
ever known
ever seen
ever since
evergrowing
everincreasing
everybody
everybody else
everybodys
everyday
everyone
everyone agrees
everyone chamber
everyone else
everyones
everything
everything else
everything possible
everything power
everywhere
evidence
evidencebased
evidenced
evident
evidently
evil
evolution
evolve
evolved
evolving
exacerbated
exact
exactly
exactly happened
exactly kind
exactly opposite
exam
examination
examine
examined
examining
example
example state
examples
exams
exceed
exceeded
exceeding
exceeds
excel
excelled
excellence
excellent
except
exception
exceptional
exceptionally
exceptions
excess
excessive
exchange
exchange commission
exchanges
excise
excited
excitement
exciting
exclude
excluded
exclusion
exclusive
exclusively
excuse
excuses
execute
executed
executing
execution
executive
executive actions
executive amnesty
executive authority
executive branch
executive director
executive executive
executive immigration
executive legislative
executive nos
executive orders
executive overreach
executives
exemplary
exemplified
exemplifies
exempt
exempted
exemption
exemptions
exempts
exercise
exercised
exercises
exercising
exhausted
exhibit
exhibited
exim
exim bank
exist
existed
existence
existing
existing federal
existing law
exists
exit
expand
expand access
expanded
expanding
expanding access
expands
expansion
expansive
expect
expectation
expectations
expected
expecting
expects
expedite
expedited
expeditious
expeditiously
expenditure
expenditures
expense
expenses
expensive
experienced
experiences
experiencing
experiment
experiments
expert
expertise
experts
experts tell
expiration
expire
expiring
explain
explained
explaining
explains
explanation
explicit
explicitly
explode
exploded
exploding
exploit
exploitation
exploited
exploited children
exploiting
exploration
explore
exploring
explosion
explosive
explosives
exponentially
export
export ban
export oil
exported
exporter
exporters
exportimport
exportimport bank
exporting
exports
expose
exposed
exposing
exposure
expressed
expressed concern
expressed concerns
expresses
expressing
expression
expressly
extended
extended family
extenders
extending
extends
extension
extensions
extensive
extensively
extent
external
extra
extract
extraction
extraneous
extraordinarily
extraordinary
extraordinary leadership
extreme
extreme weather
extremely
extremely important
extremism
extremist
extremists
exxonmobil
eye
eyes
faa
faa reauthorization
fabric
face
face challenges
face earth
face threats
facebook
faced
faces
facilitate
facilitates
facilitating
facilitation
facilities
facility
facing
facing country
facing nation
facto
factor
factories
factors
factory
facts
factual
faculty
fail
failed
failed policies
failing
fails
fails provide
failure
failure act
failures
fair
fair housing
fair process
fair share
fair shot
fair trade
fairer
fairly
fairness
fairness act
faith
faithbased
faithful
faithfully
fake
fall
fallen
falling
false
falsely
fame
familiar
families
families america
families businesses
families children
families communities
families country
families friends
families help
families home
families lost
families loved
families loved ones
families nation
families pay
families small
families small businesses
families state
families struggling
families together
family
family best
family community
family family
family farm
family foundation
family friends
family man
family members
family planning
familyowned
familys
famous
famously
fan
fancy
fans
fantastic
far
far away
far better
far beyond
far important
far less
far often
far short
farewell
farm
farm bureau
farmer
farmers
farmers ranchers
farming
farms
farreaching
farther
fashion
fast
fast act
faster
fastest
fastest growing
fasttrack
fat
fatal
fatalities
fatally
fate
fateful
father
father grandfather
fathers
fault
faulty
favor
favorable
favored
favorite
favors
fbi
fbi director
fbis
fda
fdas
fear
feared
fearful
fears
feasible
feat
feature
featured
features
fed
federal
federal agencies
federal agency
federal aid
federal aviation
federal aviation administration
federal bench
federal budget
federal bureau
federal bureau investigation
federal control
federal court
federal courts
federal criminal
federal debt
federal district
federal district court
federal dollars
federal education
federal employees
federal funding
federal funds
federal government
federal government states
federal governments
federal grant
federal highway
federal immigration
federal judge
federal judges
federal judiciary
federal land
federal lands
federal law
federal law enforcement
federal laws
federal level
federal money
federal prison
federal program
federal programs
federal prosecutor
federal regulations
federal reserve
federal resources
federal spending
federal state
federal state local
federal student
federal tax
federal water
federalist
federally
federation
fee
feed
feedback
feeding
feeds
feel
feel good
feel pain
feel safe
feel strongly
feel way
feeling
feelings
feels
fees
feet
feinstein
feinsteins
fell
fellow
fellow americans
fellow citizens
fellow granted
fellow granted privileges
fellow veterans
fellowship
felon
felonies
felons
felony
felt
fema
female
fentanyl
ferguson
festival
fetal
fewer
fewer choices
fewest
fiction
fiduciary
field
fields
fierce
fifteen
fifth
fifty
fight
fight isil
fight isis
fight terrorism
fight zika
fighter
fighters
fighting
fights
figure
figure way
figured
figures
figuring
file
filed
files
filibuster
filibustered
filibustering
filibusters
filing
filing deadline
fill
fill vacancies
fill vacancy
fill vacancy supreme
filled
filling
film
final
final deal
final decision
final passage
finalize
finalized
finalizing
finally
finance
finance entitled
financed
finances
financial
financial aid
financial assistance
financial crisis
financial institutions
financial protection
financial protection bureau
financial services
financial system
financially
financing
find
find common
find common ground
find job
find jobs
find path
find solution
find solutions
find way
find ways
finding
finding way
findings
finds
fines
finest
finger
fingerprints
fingers
finish
finish line
finished
finishing
fire
fire department
fire departments
firearm
firearms
fired
firefighter
firefighters
fires
firing
firm
firmly
firms
first
first africanamerican
first american
first appropriations
first budget
first came
first class
first days
first elected
first ever
first female
first foremost
first half
first heard
first history
first important
first introduced
first let
first line
first major
first national
first person
first place
first quarter
first responders
first second
first series
first since
first state
first step
first step toward
first term
first thing
first week
first woman
firstdegree
firsthand
fisa
fisa court
fiscal
fiscal budget
fiscal crisis
fiscal responsibility
fiscally
fiscally responsible
fischer
fish
fish wildlife
fisheries
fishermen
fishing
fissile
fissile material
fit
fitness
fits
fitting
fix
fix broken
fix broken immigration
fix problem
fix problems
fixed
fixes
fixing
fixture
fl
flag
flags
flake
flames
flat
flaw
flawed
flaws
fled
flee
fleeing
fleet
flew
flexibility
flexible
flies
flight
flights
flint
flint mi
flood
flooded
flooding
floods
flourish
flourished
flourishing
flow
flowing
flown
flows
flu
fly
flying
focus
focused
focuses
focusing
folks
folks home
follow
follow law
followed
followers
follows
followup
food
food drug
food drug administration
food products
food safety
food stamps
food supply
foods
fool
foolish
foot
football
football team
footing
footprint
footsteps
forbid
force
force base
force behind
forced
forced labor
forceful
forcefully
forces
forcing
ford
fordow
forecast
forefront
foreign
foreign companies
foreign countries
foreign country
foreign fighters
foreign governments
foreign intelligence
foreign intelligence surveillance
foreign markets
foreign minister
foreign oil
foreign policy
foreign relations
foreign relations entitled
foreign relations subcommittee
foremost
forest
forestry
forests
forever
forge
forged
forget
forgot
forgotten
formal
formally
formation
formed
former
former attorney
former attorney general
former colleague
former governor
former secretary
former secretary state
formerly
forming
forms
formula
forprofit
forprofit colleges
forth
forthcoming
fortitude
fortunate
fortunately
fortune
forty
forum
forums
fossil
fossil fuel
fossil fuel industry
fossil fuels
foster
foster care
fostered
fostering
fought
fought hard
found
found percent
found way
foundation
foundations
founded
founder
founders
founding
founding fathers
fourth
fox
fraction
fragile
frame
framers
framework
france
france germany
francis
frank
frank lautenberg
franken
franklin
franklin roosevelt
frankly
fraternal
fraternal police
fraud
fraud abuse
fraudulent
fred
freddie
frederick
free
free enterprise
free market
free speech
free trade
free world
freed
freedom
freedom act
freedom information
freedom information act
freedom religion
freedom speech
freedoms
freely
freetrade
freetrade agreements
freeze
freight
french
frequency
frequent
frequently
fresh
freshman
friday
friend
friend ally
friend colleague
friend mine
friend question
friend senior
friendly
friends
friends aisle
friends allies
friends colleagues
friends family
friends neighbors
friends side
friends side aisle
friendship
frightening
front
front center
front lines
front page
frontline
frontlines
fronts
frozen
fruit
frustrated
frustrating
frustration
frustrations
fuel
fuel economy
fuel industry
fueled
fueling
fuels
fulfill
fulfill constitutional
fulfilled
fulfilling
fulfills
full
full funding
full potential
full range
full strength
fulltime
fully
fully functioning
fully fund
fully funded
fully funds
fully paid
fullyear
fun
function
functional
functioning
functions
fund
fund department
fund department homeland
fund government
fund homeland
fund homeland security
fund pay
fund used
fundamental
fundamental rights
fundamentally
funded
funding
funding critical
funding department
funding department homeland
funding fight
funding funding
funding government
funding help
funding homeland
funding homeland security
funding legislation
funding level
funding levels
funding military
funding million
funding national
funding needed
funding planned
funding planned parenthood
funding programs
funding troops
funding veterans
funding zika
fundraising
funds
funds available
funds department
funds used
funeral
funnel
funny
furious
furthering
furthermore
futures
fy
ga
gain
gain access
gained
gaining
gains
gallery
gallon
gallons
gallup
gamble
game
games
gamesmanship
gang
gangs
gao
gap
gaping
gaps
garage
garden
gardner
garland
garlands
garner
garnered
gary
gas
gas emissions
gas industry
gas prices
gas tax
gases
gasoline
gasoline prices
gate
gates
gateway
gather
gathered
gathering
gauge
gave
gave lives
gave speech
gay
gaza
gdp
gdp growth
ge
gear
gee
gen
gender
gender identity
general
general assembly
general counsel
general dempsey
general public
general state
general united
general united states
generally
generals
generate
generated
generates
generating
generation
generation americans
generations
generations americans
generosity
generous
generously
genetic
genetically
genetically engineered
genetically modified
geneva
genius
genocide
gentle
gentleman
gentlemen
genuine
genuinely
geographic
geography
geopolitical
george
george bush
george bushs
georgetown
geothermal
gerald
german
germane
germany
gets
gets worse
gi
giant
giants
gift
gifted
gifts
gillibrand
gimmick
gimmicks
girl
girls
give
give ability
give american
give another
give away
give chance
give credit
give example
give examples
give hope
give law
give law enforcement
give money
give special
give states
give tools
given
given chance
gives
gives states
giving
glad
gladly
glaring
glass
global
global climate
global economy
global market
global marketplace
global markets
global security
global threats
global warming
globally
globe
gmo
gmo labeling
gmos
goal
goals
god
god bless
godgiven
gods
goes
goes beyond
goes effect
goes far
goes heart
goes way
gold
gold medal
gold standard
golden
golf
gone
gone beyond
gone far
good
good america
good american
good bipartisan
good conscience
good country
good deal
good economy
good education
good example
good faith
good fortune
good friend
good friends
good good
good governance
good government
good health
good idea
good ideas
good job
good jobs
good legislation
good man
good news
good policy
good progress
good reason
good start
good step
good thing
good things
good way
goodfaith
goodness
goodpaying
goodpaying jobs
goods
goods services
google
gop
gordon
gosh
got
got point
got together
gotten
gov
govern
governance
governed
governing
government
government accountability
government agencies
government agency
government already
government better
government control
government federal
government funding
government government
government help
government important
government needs
government never
government officials
government open
government pay
government private
government program
government programs
government protect
government shut
government shutdown
government spending
government state
government states
government united
government united states
governmental
governmental entitled
governments
governmentthe
governor
governor state
governors
governors association
grab
grace
gracious
grade
grader
graders
grades
gradually
graduate
graduate high
graduate high school
graduate school
graduated
graduated high
graduated high school
graduated university
graduates
graduating
graduation
graduation rates
graham
grain
grand
grandchildren
grandchildren greatgrandchildren
granddaughter
granddaughters
grandfather
grandkids
grandmother
grandparents
grandson
granite
grant
grant program
grant programs
granted
granted privileges
granted privileges remainder
granting
grants
grants help
graphic
grasp
grassley
grassley judiciary
grassleys
grassroots
grateful
grateful nation
gratitude
grave
gravity
gray
greater
greater risk
greater transparency
greatest
greatest deliberative
greatest deliberative body
greatest generation
greatest threat
greatgrandchildren
greatly
greatly missed
greatness
greece
greed
green
green light
greenhouse
greenhouse gas
greenhouse gas emissions
greenhouse gases
grew
grew percent
grid
gridlock
grief
grieve
grieving
grim
grip
grit
groceries
grocery
grocery store
grocery stores
gross
gross domestic
gross domestic product
ground
ground zero
groundbreaking
grounded
grounds
groundwork
group
group called
groups
groups including
grow
grow economy
growers
growing
growing economy
growing number
growing problem
growing threat
grown
grows
growth
growth economy
growth rate
guantanamo
guantanamo bay
guarantee
guaranteed
guarantees
guard
guards
guess
guest
guests
guidance
guide
guided
guidelines
guides
guiding
guilty
guise
gulf
gulf coast
gun
gun control
gun laws
gun owners
gun safety
gun sales
gun show
gun shows
gun store
gun violence
gunman
gunned
guns
guns hands
gut
guy
guys
habit
habitat
habitats
habits
hack
hacked
hackers
hacking
hadnt
hair
haiti
half
half billion
half century
half democrats
half dozen
half million
halfway
hall
hall fame
hallmark
halls
halt
hamas
hamilton
hammer
hand
hand hand
handed
handful
handing
handle
handled
handles
handling
hands
hands terrorists
handson
hang
hanging
happen
happen happen
happened
happened orlando
happened since
happening
happening country
happening world
happens
happily
happiness
happy
haram
harassed
harassment
harbor
harbors
hard
hard dedication
hard find
hard imagine
hardearned
harder
harder harder
hardest
hardly
hardship
hardships
hardworking
hardworking american
hardworking americans
hardworking families
hardworking taxpayers
harm
harmed
harmful
harming
harms
harms way
harness
harris
harry
harry reid
harry truman
harsh
hart
harvard
harvest
harvested
harvesting
hasnt
hasnt happened
hat
hatch
hatch wyden
hate
hate crimes
hateful
hatred
haul
havens
havent
havent heard
havent seen
havoc
hazard
hazardous
hazards
head
head coach
head start
headed
heading
headline
headlines
headon
headquartered
headquarters
heads
heal
healing
health
health benefits
health care
health care affordable
health care benefits
health care choices
health care costs
health care country
health care coverage
health care decisions
health care delivery
health care insurance
health care law
health care needs
health care plan
health care plans
health care provider
health care providers
health care reform
health care services
health care system
health care women
health center
health centers
health challenges
health clinics
health coverage
health crisis
health departments
health education
health education labor
health emergency
health experts
health human
health human services
health insurance
health insurance coverage
health insurance plans
health insurance program
health issue
health issues
health law
health officials
health organization
health plans
health problems
health professionals
health programs
health reform
health safety
health services
health system
health threat
health wellbeing
healthcare
healthier
healthy
hear
hear lot
hear stories
heard
heard colleagues
heard lot
heard stories
heard testimony
hearings
hears
heart
heart disease
heartbreaking
heartbroken
heartfelt
heartland
hearts
heat
heated
heating
heaven
heavily
heavy
heavy water
heavyhanded
heck
hedge
heed
heels
height
heightened
heights
heinous
heinrich
heitkamp
held
held accountable
held hearings
held hostage
helicopter
helicopters
hell
heller
helm
help
help america
help american
help americans
help better
help bring
help build
help businesses
help children
help combat
help communities
help country
help create
help deal
help economy
help ensure
help families
help federal
help fight
help give
help grow
help help
help identify
help improve
help keep
help law
help law enforcement
help local
help move
help others
help pay
help prevent
help protect
help provide
help puerto
help puerto rico
help put
help reduce
help save
help small
help states
help stop
help strengthen
help students
help veterans
help victims
help way
help women
help young
helped
helped bring
helped build
helped create
helped lead
helpful
helping
helping hand
helping others
helps
helps ensure
hemisphere
henry
henry kissinger
hereand
heritage
heritage foundation
hero
heroes
heroic
heroin
heroin addiction
heroin epidemic
heroin opioid
heroin overdose
heroin prescription
heroin prescription drug
heroism
hes
hesitate
hey
hezbollah
hezbollah hamas
hhs
hidden
hide
hiding
high
high cost
high levels
high percent
high priority
high risk
high school
high school graduation
high school students
high schools
high standards
higher
higher costs
higher education
higher education act
higher premiums
higher rates
higher wages
highest
highest court
highest court land
highest level
highest levels
highest priority
highest standards
highlevel
highlight
highlighted
highlighting
highlights
highly
highly qualified
highpaying
highpaying jobs
highquality
highrisk
highstakes
hightech
highway
highway funding
highway program
highway system
highway trust
highway trust fund
highways
highways bridges
hike
hikes
hiking
hill
hillary
hillary clinton
hills
hinder
hire
hired
hiring
hirono
hispanic
historian
historic
historical
historically
histories
history
history books
history country
history nation
history united
history united states
history world
hit
hit hard
hits
hitting
hiv
hoeven
hold
hold accountable
hold hearings
hold hostage
holder
holders
holding
holding hearings
holds
hole
holes
holiday
holidays
holistic
hollow
holocaust
holy
home
home abroad
home care
home country
home state
home state country
home states
homegrown
homeland
homeland security
homeland security appropriations
homeland security department
homeland security funding
homeland security governmental
homeland securitys
homeless
homeless youth
homelessness
homeowners
homes
homes businesses
hometown
homicide
homicides
honduras
honest
honestly
honesty
honorable
honorably
honorary
honored
honoring
honors
hood
hook
hooked
hoover
hope
hope american
hope bipartisan
hope body
hope colleagues
hope find
hope hope
hope legislation
hope members
hope move
hope next
hope pass
hope pray
hope republican
hope republican colleagues
hope republicans
hope soon
hope together
hoped
hopeful
hopefully
hopes
hoping
horizon
horrendous
horrible
horrific
horrifying
horror
horrors
horse
hospital
hospitality
hospitals
host
hostage
hostages
hosted
hostile
hostility
hosting
hosts
hot
hotel
hotels
hottest
hours
hours days
hours hours
hours week
housed
household
households
housepassed
houses
housing
housing urban
housing urban development
housing urban entitled
houthi
houthis
howard
however
hub
hud
hudson
huge
huge amounts
huge difference
hugely
human
human activity
human beings
human health
human history
human life
human rights
human rights abuses
human rights violations
human services
human traffickers
human trafficking
humane
humanitarian
humanitarian crisis
humanity
humans
humble
humbled
humility
humor
hundred
hundreds
hundreds billions
hundreds billions dollars
hundreds miles
hundreds millions
hundreds millions dollars
hundreds thousands
hundreds thousands jobs
hunger
hungry
hunt
hunt suicide
hunt suicide prevention
hunter
hunters
hunting
hunting fishing
hurdle
hurdles
hurricane
hurricane katrina
hurricanes
hurry
hurt
hurting
hurts
husband
husband father
husbands
hyde
hydro
hydroelectric
hydropower
hypocrisy
hypothetical
ia
iaea
ice
icon
iconic
id
idea
ideal
ideals
ideas
identical
identification
identified
identifies
identify
identifying
identity
ideological
ideology
idly
ig
ignorance
ignore
ignored
ignores
ignoring
ii
ii section
ii section constitution
ii veteran
iii
il
ill
illegal
illegal drugs
illegal immigrants
illegal immigration
illegally
illicit
illness
illnesses
illustrate
illustrated
illustrates
im
image
images
imagination
imagine
imagined
immeasurable
immense
immensely
immigrant
immigrants
immigration
immigration customs
immigration customs enforcement
immigration enforcement
immigration law
immigration laws
immigration policies
immigration policy
immigration reform
immigration system
imminent
immoral
immune
immunity
impact
impact economy
impact lives
impact state
impacted
impacting
impacts
impacts climate
impacts climate change
impartial
impasse
impede
impending
imperative
imperfect
implement
implementation
implemented
implementing
implements
implications
implore
import
importance
important
important american
important bipartisan
important body
important colleagues
important country
important economic
important economy
important energy
important ever
important first
important funding
important health
important help
important hope
important important
important issue
important issues
important law
important legislation
important matter
important measure
important nation
important national
important national security
important note
important part
important pass
important piece
important piece legislation
important pieces
important point
important program
important programs
important public
important reforms
important remember
important role
important safety
important state
important states
important step
important steps
important thing
important things
important tool
important tools
important trade
important way
importantly
imported
importing
imports
impose
impose sanctions
imposed
imposes
imposing
imposition
impossible
impoverished
impressed
impression
impressive
imprisoned
imprisonment
improper
improperly
improve
improve access
improve education
improve health
improve legislation
improve life
improve lives
improve nations
improve safety
improved
improvement
improvement act
improvements
improves
improving
improving lives
impunity
inability
inaccurate
inaction
inadequate
inadvertently
inappropriate
inaugural
inc
incapable
incarcerated
incarceration
incentive
incentives
incentivize
inception
incest
inches
incidence
incident
incidentally
incidents
include
included
included legislation
includes
includes billion
includes funding
includes important
includes language
includes million
includes number
includes provision
including
including home
including home state
including million
including national
including state
including united
inclusion
inclusive
income
income tax
incomes
incomplete
inconsistent
inconvenient
incorporate
incorporated
incorporates
incorrect
increase
increase access
increase cost
increase federal
increase funding
increase million
increase number
increase percent
increase spending
increased
increased costs
increased funding
increased percent
increases
increases funding
increasing
increasing number
increasingly
incredible
incredibly
incredibly important
incremental
incumbent
incurred
indeed
indefinite
indefinitely
independence
independent
independent judiciary
independently
independents
indepth
index
india
indian
indian country
indian tribes
indians
indicate
indicated
indicates
indicating
indication
indicator
indicators
indicted
indictment
indirect
indirectly
indiscriminate
indispensable
indisputable
individual
individually
individuals
individuals disabilities
individuals families
inducted
industrial
industrialized
industries
industry
industrys
ineffective
inefficient
inequality
inevitable
inevitably
inexcusable
infamous
infant
infantry
infants
infected
infected zika
infection
infections
infectious
infectious diseases
inflation
inflict
inflicted
influence
influenced
influential
influx
inform
information
information act
information administration
information available
information federal
information government
information regarding
information shared
information sharing
information sharing act
information technology
information used
informed
infrastructure
infrastructure country
infrastructure investment
infrastructure needs
infrastructure projects
infringe
ingenuity
ingredient
ingredients
inherent
inherently
inhofe
inhofe boxer
initial
initially
initiate
initiated
initiative
initiatives
inject
injunction
injured
injuries
injury
injustice
ink
inland
inmates
inner
innocent
innocent americans
innocent victims
innovate
innovation
innovations
innovative
innovators
inpatient
input
inquiries
inquiry
insanity
insert
inserted
inside
insidious
insight
insights
insist
insisted
insistence
insisting
insolvency
inspect
inspection
inspection regime
inspections
inspector
inspector general
inspector generals
inspectors
inspectors general
inspiration
inspirational
inspire
inspired
inspiring
instability
install
installation
installations
installed
installing
instance
instances
instant
instead
instead using
instill
instilled
institute
instituted
institutes
institutes health
institution
institutional
institutions
institutions higher
instruct
instruct conferees
instructed
instruction
instructions
instructive
instructor
instrument
instrumental
instruments
insufficient
insult
insulting
insurance
insurance companies
insurance company
insurance coverage
insurance exchange
insurance obamacare
insurance plan
insurance plans
insurance premiums
insurance program
insure
insured
insurer
insurers
intact
integral
integral part
integrate
integrated
integrating
integration
integrity
intellect
intellectual
intellectual property
intellectual property rights
intelligence
intelligence agencies
intelligence agency
intelligence community
intelligence james
intelligence james clapper
intelligence sh
intelligence sh hart
intelligence surveillance
intelligent
intend
intended
intends
intense
intensity
intensive
intent
intention
intentional
intentionally
intentions
interact
interaction
interagency
intercontinental
intercontinental ballistic
interest
interest debt
interest groups
interest payments
interest rate
interest rates
interested
interesting
interestingly
interests
interests american
interests country
interests united
interests united states
interfere
interference
interim
interior
internal
internal revenue
internally
international
international agreements
international airport
international association
international atomic
international atomic energy
international climate
international community
international development
international law
international partners
international sanctions
international security
international trade
internationally
internet
interpret
interpretation
interpretations
interpreted
interpreting
interrogation
intersection
interstate
interstate commerce
interstate highway
intervene
intervention
interventions
interview
interviewed
interviews
intimate
intimidate
intimidated
intimidation
intolerance
introduce
introduce legislation
introduced
introduced bipartisan
introduced called
introduced legislation
introducing
introducing legislation
introduction
intrusion
intrusions
intrusive
invade
invaded
invaluable
invasion
invasive
invented
inventory
invest
invested
investigate
investigated
investigating
investigation
investigations
investigative
investigator
investigators
investing
investment
investments
investor
investors
invests
invisible
invitation
invite
invited
inviting
invoke
invoked
invoking
involve
involved
involvement
involves
involving
iran
iran acquiring
iran acquiring nuclear
iran deal
iran developing
iran developing nuclear
iran iran
iran negotiating
iran never
iran nuclear
iran nuclear act
iran nuclear deal
iran nuclear weapon
iran nuclear weapons
iran obtaining
iran obtaining nuclear
iran sanctions
iran still
iran united
iran united states
iranian
iranian government
iranian nuclear
iranian nuclear deal
iranian regime
iranians
irans
irans nuclear
irans nuclear program
irans nuclear weapons
irans terrorism
iraq
iraq afghanistan
iraq syria
iraq war
iraqi
iraqi freedom
iraqis
iron
ironic
ironically
irony
irrelevant
irresponsibility
irresponsible
irrigation
irs
isakson
isand
isil
isils
isis
isiss
islam
islamic
islamic state
islands
isnt
isnt something
isnt true
isolated
isolation
israel
israel united
israeli
israelis
israels
israels exist
israels security
issue
issue american
issue climate
issue colleagues
issue country
issue hope
issue important
issue issue
issue really
issue state
issue whether
issued
issued executive
issues
issues face
issues facing
issues important
issues including
issues issues
issues raised
issuing
italy
itand
item
items
itthe
iv
ive
jack
jack reed
jacob
jail
jails
jam
james
james clapper
jamie
jane
janet
japan
japanese
jason
jay
jcpoa
jeff
jefferson
jeh
jeh johnson
jennifer
jeopardize
jeopardized
jeopardizing
jeopardy
jerry
jesus
jet
jets
jewish
jews
jihadists
jim
jimmy
job
job creation
job creators
job growth
job job
job lets
job opportunities
job training
jobcreating
jobs
jobs america
jobs american
jobs americans
jobs construction
jobs country
jobs create
jobs created
jobs economic
jobs economic growth
jobs economy
jobs energy
jobs good
jobs help
jobs home
jobs jobs
jobs lost
jobs overseas
jobs state
jobs united
jobs united states
joe
joe biden
john
john kennedy
john kerry
john mccain
johns
johnson
johnson signed
johnsons
joined
joined colleague
joined colleagues
joined effort
joined together
joining
joint
joint chiefs
joint comprehensive
joint comprehensive plan
joint resolutions
joint taxation
jointly
joke
jon
jonathan
jones
jordan
joseph
josh
joshua
journalism
journalist
journalists
journey
joy
jr
juan
judge
judge garland
judge garlands
judge merrick
judge merrick garland
judged
judges
judges confirmed
judges supreme
judges supreme court
judgment
judgments
judicial
judicial branch
judicial emergencies
judicial emergency
judicial nominees
judicial system
judicial vacancies
judiciary
judiciary committees
judiciary discharged
judiciary entitled
judiciary grassley
judiciary reported
judiciary subcommittee
judiciary unanimously
judiciary voice
jump
jumped
junior
jurisdiction
jurisdictional
jurisdictions
jurist
jury
justice
justice antonin
justice antonin scalia
justice delayed
justice denied
justice department
justice kennedy
justice law
justice reform
justice scalia
justice scalias
justice supreme
justice supreme court
justice system
justice victims
justice victims trafficking
justices
justices supreme
justices supreme court
justification
justified
justify
justin
juvenile
juvenile justice
jv
jv team
kaine
kaiser
karen
kate
kate steinle
katrina
keen
keep
keep america
keep america safe
keep american
keep americans
keep americans safe
keep communities
keep communities safe
keep country
keep country safe
keep doctor
keep families
keep fighting
keep government
keep government open
keep guns
keep guns hands
keep health
keep mind
keep nation
keep nation safe
keep pace
keep promise
keep safe
keeping
keeping america
keeping guns
keeping safe
keeps
kelly
ken
kennedy
kent
kept
kerry
kevin
key
key part
key role
keys
keystone
keystone pipeline
keystone xl
keystone xl pipeline
khamenei
kick
kicked
kicking
kid
kidding
kidnapped
kids
kids college
kids grandkids
kids school
kill
kill americans
killed
killed guns
killed injured
killed line
killed line duty
killer
killers
killing
killings
kills
kim
kind
kind thing
kindergarten
kindness
kinds
kinds things
king
king burwell
king jr
kingdom
kings
kirk
kissinger
kitchen
klobuchar
knees
knew
knock
knocking
knowing
knowingly
knowledge
knowledgeable
known
known suspected
koch
koch brothers
korea
korea japan
korea sanctions
korean
korean war
koreans
koreas
koreas nuclear
ks
kurds
kuwait
ky
la
lab
label
labeled
labeling
labels
labor
labor force
labor pensions
labor pensions entitled
labor relations
labor relations board
labor standards
labor unions
laboratories
laboratory
labs
lack
lacked
lacking
lacks
ladder
laden
ladies
lady
lafayette
lakes
lamar
lamar alexander
lameduck
land
land management
land water
land water conservation
landed
landing
landmark
landowners
lands
landscape
lane
language
language included
languages
languish
languished
languishing
lankford
lapse
large
large corporations
large number
large numbers
large part
large small
largely
larger
largescale
largest
largest state
largest state sponsor
larry
lasted
lasting
lastly
late
late night
lately
latest
latest example
latin
latin america
latino
latter
laude
laugh
launch
launched
launches
launching
laundering
laura
lautenberg
law
law clear
law constitution
law country
law created
law degree
law enforcement
law enforcement agencies
law enforcement community
law enforcement officers
law enforcement officials
law enforcement personnel
law enforcement tools
law federal
law firm
law first
law land
law law
law obama
law passed
law professor
law requires
law says
law school
law united
law united states
law way
lawabiding
lawabiding citizens
lawful
lawfully
lawless
lawlessness
lawmakers
lawrence
laws
laws books
laws passed
laws protect
laws regulations
laws united
laws united states
lawsuit
lawsuits
lawyer
lawyers
lax
lay
lay lay
layers
laying
lays
lead
lead poisoning
lead world
leadership
leadership important
leadership issue
leadership positions
leadership role
leading
leading cause
leading effort
leading state
leading state sponsor
leading way
leads
league
leahy
leaks
learn
learned
learners
learning
lease
leases
leasing
least
least billion
least million
least percent
leave
leave behind
leaves
leaves behind
leaving
lebanon
led
led effort
lee
left
left behind
leftwing
leg
legacies
legacy
legal
legal authority
legal counsel
legal status
legal system
legally
legend
legendary
legion
legislate
legislating
legislation
legislation actually
legislation addresses
legislation along
legislation american
legislation bipartisan
legislation body
legislation called
legislation colleagues
legislation considering
legislation critical
legislation designed
legislation end
legislation ensure
legislation first
legislation give
legislation good
legislation help
legislation helps
legislation hope
legislation important
legislation improve
legislation includes
legislation introduced
legislation law
legislation legislation
legislation lets
legislation move
legislation offered
legislation pass
legislation passed
legislation presidents
legislation prevent
legislation protect
legislation provide
legislation provides
legislation reauthorize
legislation require
legislation requires
legislation says
legislation supported
legislation takes
legislation together
legislation way
legislationthe
legislative
legislative body
legislative branch
legislative process
legislatively
legislator
legislators
legislature
legislatures
legitimacy
legitimate
legitimate concerns
legitimately
legs
lend
lenders
lending
length
lengths
lengthy
leon
less
less energy
less expensive
less half
less less
less likely
less money
less percent
less safe
lessen
lesser
lesson
lessons
lessons learned
let
let alone
let american
let begin
let clear
let close
let colleagues
let conclude
let explain
let first
let give
let give example
let give examples
let happen
let mention
let point
let put
let quote
let remind
let repeat
let share
let state
let tell
lethal
lets
lets clear
lets forget
lets give
lets honest
lets job
lets keep
lets let
lets lets
lets move
lets pass
lets put
lets remember
lets something
lets start
lets stop
lets together
lets try
letter
letter sent
letters
letting
level
level funding
level playing
level playing field
level rise
leveling
levels
levels government
leverage
levin
lew
lewis
lgbt
lgbt community
liabilities
liability
liability protection
liable
liaison
liberal
liberals
liberation
liberties
liberty
libraries
library
libya
license
licensed
licenses
lie
lie follows
lied
lies
lieu
lieutenant
lieutenant colonel
life
life country
life death
life legacy
life liberty
life public
life serving
lifeblood
lifeline
lifelong
lifes
lifesaving
lifestyle
lifetime
lift
lift sanctions
lifted
lifting
lifting sanctions
lifts
light
lightly
lights
liked
likelihood
likely
likes
likewise
limbo
limit
limitation
limitations
limited
limited resources
limiting
limits
lincoln
linda
lindsey
lindsey graham
line
line defense
line duty
lined
lines
link
linked
links
liquid
lisa
list
list buy
list goes
listed
listen
listened
listening
lists
literacy
literally
literally hundreds
litigation
live
live country
live outside
live within
live world
lived
lived life
livelihood
livelihoods
lives
lives american
lives americans
lives children
lives country
lives families
lives line
lives lost
lives men
lives millions
lives others
lives risk
lives saved
livestock
living
living poverty
llth
load
loaded
loan
loan debt
loan program
loans
lobby
lobbying
lobbyists
local
local businesses
local communities
local community
local control
local economies
local economy
local government
local governments
local law
local law enforcement
local level
local officials
local police
local school
local school districts
local schools
local state
local state federal
localities
locally
locate
located
location
locations
lock
locked
locking
locks
logic
logical
logistics
london
lone
lone wolf
longer
longer term
longest
longest serving
longlasting
longoverdue
longrange
longstanding
longterm
longterm care
longterm highway
longterm solution
longterm transportation
longtime
looked
looking
looking ways
looks
looming
loophole
loophole allows
loopholes
loose
lord
loretta
loretta lynch
lose
lose health
lose jobs
lose sight
losers
loses
losing
losing jobs
loss
loss life
losses
lost
lost homes
lost jobs
lost life
lost lives
lost loved
lost loved ones
lost million
lot
lot americans
lot better
lot colleagues
lot different
lot discussion
lot folks
lot good
lot important
lot issues
lot jobs
lot less
lot lot
lot money
lot things
lots
loud
loud clear
louder
loudly
louis
love
love country
love life
loved
loved ones
loves
loving
low
low income
lowcost
lower
lower cost
lower costs
lower court
lower income
lower wages
lowered
lowering
lowest
lowincome
lowincome americans
lowincome children
lowincome families
lowincome students
lowlevel
lowwage
loyal
loyalty
lt
luck
lucky
luis
lunch
lung
lung cancer
luther
luther king
luther king jr
luxury
lwcf
lying
lynch
lynch attorney
lynch attorney general
lynchs
lyndon
lyndon johnson
machine
machinery
machines
mad
magazine
magazines
magic
magistrate
magnificent
magnitude
mail
main
main street
mainland
mainly
mainstream
maintain
maintained
maintaining
maintains
maintenance
major
major cities
major issue
major problem
major role
major step
majorities
majority
majority american
majority americans
majority body
majority controlling
majority democratic
majority democrats
majority majority
majority mcconnell
majority members
majority minority
majority party
majority republican
majority republicans
majority whip
majoritys
makeup
making
making clear
making decision
making decisions
making difference
making difficult
making easier
making good
making harder
making less
making progress
malaysia
male
mall
man
man named
man woman
manage
managed
management
management agency
management budget
manager
managers
managers designees
managers package
managing
manchin
mandate
mandated
mandates
mandating
mandatory
mandatory minimum
mandatory spending
maneuver
manifest
manipulate
manipulated
manipulating
manipulation
mankind
manmade
manner
mans
manual
manufacture
manufactured
manufactured crisis
manufacturer
manufacturers
manufacturing
manufacturing jobs
manufacturing sector
map
marathon
marched
marching
margaret
margin
margins
maria
marijuana
marine
marine corps
marines
maritime
mark
marked
market
market share
marketing
marketplace
markets
markey
marking
marks
marks th
marks th anniversary
markup
markups
marriage
married
mars
marshall
marshals
martin
martin luther
martin luther king
mary
mass
mass destruction
mass shooting
mass shootings
massacre
massive
master
masters
masters degree
match
matched
matches
matching
mater
material
materials
math
mathematics
matt
matter
matter whether
mattered
matters
matters worse
matthew
max
maximize
maximum
maybe
maybe maybe
mayor
mayors
mccain
mccain reed
mccains
mccarthy
mccaskill
mcconnell
mcconnell majority
mcconnells
mcdonald
mcdonalds
md
meal
meals
mean
mean means
meaning
meaningful
meaningfully
meaningless
means
means american
means lot
meant
meantime
meanwhile
measurable
measure
measured
measurement
measurements
measures
measuring
meat
mechanical
mechanism
mechanisms
medal
medals
media
media reports
median
medicaid
medicaid program
medicaid programs
medical
medical association
medical care
medical center
medical community
medical device
medical devices
medical professionals
medical research
medical school
medical services
medical treatment
medically
medicare
medicare beneficiaries
medicare medicaid
medicare part
medicare program
medicare social
medication
medications
medicine
medicines
mediumsized
meeting
meetings
meets
melting
members
members armed
members body
members chamber
members community
members judiciary
members members
members military
members parties
members representatives
members side
members side aisle
members sides
members sides aisle
membership
memo
memorable
memorandum
memorial
memories
memory
men
men women
men women armed
men women children
men women military
men women serve
men women served
men women serving
men women uniform
menendez
mens
mental
mental health
mental health care
mental health issues
mental health services
mental illness
mentally
mentally ill
mention
mentioned
mentioned yesterday
mentioning
mentor
mentoring
mentors
mercury
mercy
mere
merely
merit
meritorious
merits
merkley
merrick
merrick garland
mess
message
message accompany
messages
messaging
met
metadata
metal
metals
method
methods
metric
metrics
metro
metropolitan
mexican
mexicans
mi
miami
michael
michelle
microcephaly
mid
middle
middle class
middle east
middle school
middleclass
middleclass americans
middleclass families
middleincome
midnight
midst
midwest
might
might add
might happen
mighty
migrant
migrants
migration
mike
mikulski
mile
miles
miles away
milestone
milestones
militarily
military
military academy
military bases
military capabilities
military civilian
military construction
military construction veterans
military dimensions
military families
military force
military forces
military installations
military intelligence
military members
military men
military men women
military national
military needs
military operations
military option
military personnel
military readiness
military veterans
militarys
militarystyle
militias
milk
mill
miller
million
million acres
million additional
million american
million americans
million americans health
million annually
million barrels
million barrels oil
million children
million citizens
million federal
million fewer
million funding
million jobs
million million
million per
million state
million women
millionaires
millionaires billionaires
millions
millions american
millions americans
millions dollars
millions families
millions jobs
millions millions
millions seniors
millions women
mills
mind
mindful
mindless
minds
mindset
mine
mineral
minerals
miners
mines
minimal
minimize
minimum
minimum wage
mining
minister
minister netanyahu
ministers
ministry
minor
minorities
minority
minority majority
minority party
minors
minute
miracle
mired
mirror
mirrors
misconduct
misguided
misinformation
mislead
misleading
misled
mismanagement
miss
missed
missile
missile defense
missile program
missile technology
missiles
missing
missing exploited
missing exploited children
mission
missions
mistake
mistaken
mistakes
misunderstanding
misuse
mitch
mitch mcconnell
mitchell
mitigate
mitigation
mix
mixed
mo
mobile
mobility
model
modeled
models
moderate
moderateincome
moderates
modern
modern history
modern slavery
modernday
modernday slavery
modernization
modernization act
modernize
modernized
modernizing
modest
modification
modifications
modified
modified changes
modify
modify request
mom
mom dad
moment
moment history
momentous
moments
momentum
moms
moms dads
monday
monday prayer
monday prayer pledge
monetary
monetary policy
money
money american
money available
money away
money comes
money defense
money federal
money fund
money goes
money help
money laundering
money money
money pay
money put
money spend
money spent
money used
monitor
monitored
monitoring
moniz
monthly
monument
monumental
monuments
moon
moore
moral
moral imperative
moral obligation
morale
morality
morally
moran
moratorium
moreover
morgan
mornings
mortality
mortgage
mortgages
moscow
mosquito
mosquito control
mosquito season
mosquitoborne
mosquitoes
mostly
mother
mother father
mothers
mothers fathers
motivated
motivation
motives
motor
motors
motto
mount
mountain
mountains
mounting
mourn
mourn loss
mourning
mouth
move
move ahead
move another
move away
move beyond
move bipartisan
move country
move energy
move goods
move important
move lay
move lay lay
move legislation
move process
move quickly
move toward
move waive
move waive applicable
moved
movement
movements
moves
movie
moving
moving ahead
moving direction
moving legislation
moving toward
mt
much
much appreciate
much attention
much better
much billion
much country
much different
much difficult
much good
much greater
much higher
much hope
much larger
much less
much likely
much longer
much money
much needed
much percent
much remaining
much remains
much smaller
much stake
much way
much worse
muchneeded
multilateral
multinational
multiple
multitude
multiyear
multiyear highway
municipal
municipalities
murder
murdered
murderers
murderous
murders
murkowski
murkowski cantwell
murphy
murray
museum
music
muslim
muslims
mustpass
mutual
mutually
myriad
myth
naacp
nafta
naive
naloxone
name
named
namely
names
naming
nancy
narcotics
narrative
narrow
narrowly
nasa
nation
nation colleagues
nation faces
nation immigrants
nation needs
nation safe
nation state
nation world
national
national academy
national association
national association manufacturers
national average
national cemetery
national center
national center missing
national council
national debt
national defense
national defense authorization
national education
national energy
national forest
national forests
national governors
national governors association
national guard
national highway
national institute
national institutes
national institutes health
national intelligence
national interest
national interests
national labor
national labor relations
national labs
national law
national level
national monument
national park
national parks
national school
national science
national security
national security advisor
national security agency
national security challenges
national security country
national security interests
national security issue
national security issues
national security threats
national security united
national standard
national transportation
national transportation safety
national wildlife
nationally
nationals
nations
nations capital
nations economic
nations economy
nations energy
nations health
nations highest
nations history
nations infrastructure
nations largest
nations military
nations security
nations security council
nations top
nations veterans
nations world
nationwide
native
native american
native americans
nato
natural
natural beauty
natural disaster
natural disasters
natural gas
natural resource
natural resources
naturally
nature
naval
navigable
navigable waters
navigate
navigating
navigation
navy
navys
nazi
nc
nd
ndaa
near
nearby
nearly
nearly billion
nearly decades
nearly half
nearly million
nearly percent
nearly trillion
necessary
necessary ensure
necessary protect
necessity
neck
needed
needed help
needed reforms
needing
needle
needless
needlessly
needs
needs addressed
needs american
needs change
needs country
needs help
needs keep
needs students
needs veterans
nefarious
negative
negative consequences
negative impact
negatively
neglect
neglected
negotiate
negotiated
negotiating
negotiating objective
negotiating objectives
negotiating partners
negotiation
negotiations
negotiations iran
negotiator
negotiators
neighbor
neighborhood
neighborhoods
neighboring
neighbors
neither
nelson
neonatal
nervous
net
netanyahu
network
networks
neurological
neutral
neutrality
never
never ever
never forget
never forgotten
never got
never happen
never happened
never happens
never heard
never intended
never let
never lost
never never
never seen
nevertheless
newest
newly
newport
news
news reports
newspaper
newspapers
newtown
next
next chapter
next couple
next days
next decade
next decades
next door
next election
next generation
next hours
next next
next step
next supreme
next supreme court
next united
next week
next weeks
nexus
nice
nick
nickel
nicotine
nigeria
night
nightclub
nightclub orlando
nightmare
nights
nih
ninety
ninth
nixon
nj
nlrb
noaa
nobel
noble
nobody
nobrainer
nofly
nofly list
nominate
nominate judges
nominated
nominates
nominating
nominee
nominee fill
nominee supreme
nominee supreme court
nominees
nominees confirmed
nominees executive
noncontroversial
nondefense
nondefense spending
nondiscrimination
none
nonetheless
nonexistent
nonnuclear
nonpartisan
nonpartisan budget
nonprofit
nonprofit organization
nonprofit organizations
nonprofits
nonproliferation
nonsense
nonviolent
noon
norm
normal
normally
norms
northeast
northeastern
northern
northwest
northwestern
norway
nos
nos en
nos en bloc
nose
notable
notably
note
noted
notes
noteworthy
nothing
nothing else
nothing less
nothing nothing
nothing short
nothing wrong
notice
noticed
notices
notification
notify
noting
notion
notorious
notwithstanding
notwithstanding xxii
novel
nowhere
nra
nsa
nsas
nuclear
nuclear act
nuclear activities
nuclear ambitions
nuclear arms
nuclear arms race
nuclear bomb
nuclear capabilities
nuclear capability
nuclear deal
nuclear deal iran
nuclear energy
nuclear facilities
nuclear infrastructure
nuclear iran
nuclear material
nuclear negotiations
nuclear nonproliferation
nuclear power
nuclear program
nuclear proliferation
nuclear sites
nuclear threshold
nuclear weapon
nuclear weapons
nuclear weapons capability
nuclear weapons program
nucleararmed
nucleararmed iran
number
number americans
number children
number colleagues
number days
number different
number important
number issues
number judicial
number members
number reasons
number states
number things
numbered
numbers
numerous
numerous awards
nurse
nurses
nursing
nursing home
nursing homes
nutrition
nutrition forestry
ny
oak
oath
obama
obama administration
obama administrations
obama announced
obama democrats
obama elected
obama promised
obama signed
obama took
obamacare
obamacare exchange
obamacare exchanges
obamacare health
obamacare law
obamacares
obamas
obamas executive
obamas nominee
objected
objecting
objection
objections
objective
objectives
objects
obligated
obligation
obligations
obscure
observation
observations
observe
observed
observer
observers
observing
obsolete
obstacle
obstacles
obstruct
obstructing
obstruction
obstructionism
obtain
obtained
obtaining
obtaining nuclear
obtaining nuclear weapon
obvious
obviously
occasion
occasionally
occasions
occupation
occupied
occupy
occur
occurred
occurrence
occurring
occurs
ocean
oceanic
oceans
oclock
oco
odd
odds
offender
offenders
offense
offenses
offensive
offer
offered
offering
offers
officers
officers association
officers state
offices
official
officially
officials
offset
offsets
offshore
often
oftentimes
oh
oil
oil companies
oil company
oil export
oil exports
oil gas
oil industry
oil natural
oil natural gas
oil oil
oil pipeline
oil prices
oil production
oil sands
oilspill
ok
old
old days
older
older americans
oldest
olympic
olympics
omnibus
omnibus appropriations
onehalf
onequarter
onerous
ones
onesizefitsall
onethird
onetime
ongoing
online
onset
onslaught
onto
oped
open
open markets
open process
open transparent
opened
opened doors
opened fire
opening
openly
openness
opens
operate
operated
operates
operating
operation
operational
operations
operatives
operator
operators
opiate
opiates
opinion
opinions
opioid
opioid abuse
opioid addiction
opioid crisis
opioid epidemic
opioid heroin
opioids
opm
opponents
opportunities
opportunities american
oppose
opposed
opposes
opposing
opposite
opposition
oppression
oppressive
opt
optimism
optimistic
option
options
options available
oral
orange
orbit
ordered
ordered lie
ordered lie follows
orderly
orders
ordinary
organic
organization
organization called
organizations
organizations including
organize
organized
organized crime
organizing
organs
orientation
orientation gender
origin
original
original cosponsor
original cosponsors
originally
orlando
orlando fl
others
others including
otherwise
ought
outbreak
outbreaks
outcome
outcomes
outdated
outdoor
outdoor recreation
outdoors
outer
outlets
outline
outlined
outlines
outlining
outlook
outofcontrol
outofpocket
outofpocket costs
outpatient
outpouring
output
outrage
outraged
outrageous
outreach
outright
outset
outside
outside groups
outside united
outside united states
outspoken
outstanding
overall
overcome
overcoming
overdose
overdose deaths
overdosed
overdoses
overdue
overhaul
overlooked
overly
overnight
overprescribing
overreach
overreaching
overregulation
override
override veto
oversaw
overseas
overseas contingency
overseas contingency operations
oversee
overseeing
overseen
oversees
oversight
oversight board
overspending
overstated
overtime
overturn
overturned
overwhelmed
overwhelming
overwhelming bipartisan
overwhelming majority
overwhelmingly
overwhelmingly bipartisan
owe
owe american
owed
owes
owned
owner
owners
ownership
owning
owns
oxycontin
ozone
pa
pace
pacific
pack
package
packages
packaging
packed
page
pages
paid
pain
pain management
paincapable
painful
painkillers
paint
painting
pair
pakistan
palestinian
panacea
panama
panel
panels
panic
paper
papers
paperwork
parade
paragraph
paragraph standing
paragraph standing rules
parallel
paralysis
paralyzed
parameters
paramount
paraphrase
parent
parenthood
parenthoods
parents
parents children
parents grandparents
parents teachers
paris
parish
parity
park
parking
parking lot
parks
parliament
parliamentary
parliamentary inquiry
part
part american
part budget
part country
part deal
part discussion
part effort
part federal
part government
part larger
part legislation
part national
part nations
part problem
part process
part reason
part solution
part state
part team
part trade
part united
part united states
part world
partial
partially
participant
participants
participate
participated
participating
participation
particular
particular case
particular issue
particularly
particularly important
parties
parties together
partisan
partisan issue
partisan political
partisan politics
partisanship
partly
partner
partnered
partnering
partners
partnership
partnerships
parts
parts country
parts state
parts world
parttime
party
party lines
partys
pass
pass appropriations
pass bipartisan
pass budget
pass clean
pass comprehensive
pass important
pass law
pass laws
pass legislation
pass pass
pass something
pass trade
passage
passage legislation
passed
passed appropriations
passed away
passed away age
passed bipartisan
passed body
passed budget
passed comprehensive
passed first
passed important
passed judiciary
passed law
passed laws
passed legislation
passed overwhelming
passed overwhelmingly
passed passed
passed representatives
passed signed
passed signed law
passed since
passed unanimously
passed voice
passed votes
passed week
passenger
passenger rail
passengers
passes
passing
passing important
passing legislation
passion
passionate
passionately
passport
past
past couple
past days
past decade
past decades
past week
past weekend
past weeks
pastor
pat
patch
patches
patchwork
patent
patents
path
path nuclear
path toward
paths
pathway
pathways
patience
patient
patients
patients families
patrick
patriot
patriot act
patriotic
patriotism
patriots
patrol
patrol agents
pattern
patterns
patty
patty murray
pause
pave
pave way
paved
paving
pay
pay act
pay attention
pay college
pay equal
pay health
pay interest
pay less
pay percent
pay price
pay raise
pay tax
pay taxes
pay tribute
paycheck
paycheck fairness
paycheck fairness act
paychecks
payfor
payfors
paying
paying attention
payment
payments
payroll
pays
peace
peace mind
peaceful
peacefully
peak
pearl
pearl harbor
pediatric
peer
peerreviewed
peers
pell
pell grant
pell grants
pelosi
pen
penalized
penalties
penalty
penetrate
peninsula
pennsylvania
penny
pension
pensions
pensions entitled
pentagon
peoples
peoples lives
per
per capita
per family
per million
perceived
percent
percent american
percent americans
percent average
percent children
percent cut
percent electricity
percent federal
percent gdp
percent global
percent growth
percent higher
percent income
percent increase
percent less
percent money
percent nations
percent next
percent percent
percent percent percent
percent population
percent reduction
percent republicans
percent since
percent state
percent states
percent students
percent total
percent worlds
percent worlds population
percentage
perception
perdue
perez
perfect
perfect example
perfect union
perfectly
perform
performance
performed
performing
performs
perhaps
perhaps important
perhaps importantly
peril
periodic
periodically
periods
perished
perkins
perkins loan
perkins loan program
permanent
permanent jobs
permanently
permission
permit
permits
permitting
permitting process
perpetrated
perpetrator
perpetrators
persecution
perseverance
persian
persist
persistence
persistent
person
personal
personal data
personal information
personality
personally
personnel
personnel management
persons
perspective
perspectives
persuade
pertaining
pervasive
pesticides
peter
peters
petition
petitions
petraeus
petroleum
petty
pew
ph
pharmaceutical
pharmaceutical companies
pharmaceuticals
pharmacy
phase
phased
phases
phenomenon
phil
philip
philippines
philosophy
phone
phone calls
phone number
phone records
phones
phony
photo
photograph
photographs
photos
phrase
physical
physically
physician
physicians
physics
pick
picked
picking
picture
pictures
piece
piece legislation
pieces
pieces legislation
pile
piled
piling
pill
pillar
pillars
pills
pilot
pilot program
pilots
pine
pioneer
pioneering
pipe
pipeline
pipelines
pipes
pitch
pittsburgh
pivotal
place
place country
place live
place since
place start
place xiv
placed
placement
places
places country
places world
placing
plague
plagued
plaguing
plain
plain simple
plainly
plains
plaintiffs
plan
plan keep
plane
planes
planet
planned
planned parenthood
planned parenthoods
planning
plans
plant
planted
plants
plate
platform
platforms
platoon
play
play important
play important role
play politics
play role
play rules
playbook
played
played critical
played critical role
played important
played important role
played key
played role
player
players
playing
playing field
playing politics
plays
plea
plead
pleading
pleas
please
pleased
pleased colleague
pleased introduce
pleased joined
pledge
pledge equally
pledge equally divided
pledge finally
pledged
pledged allegiance
pledges
plenty
plight
plot
plots
plotting
plug
plus
plutonium
pocket
pockets
point
point colleagues
point point
point view
pointed
pointing
points
points view
poised
poison
poison pill
poison pills
poisoned
poisoning
poland
polar
police
police chief
police department
police departments
police force
police officers
policies
policies help
policing
policy
policy changes
policy country
policy decisions
policy issue
policy issues
policy modernization
policy modernization act
policy national
policy riders
policy toward
policy united
policy united states
policymakers
political
political agenda
political football
political games
political issue
political parties
political party
political points
political process
political science
political spectrum
political system
politically
politically motivated
politicians
politicize
politico
politics
poll
polling
polls
pollutants
polluters
pollution
pond
ponds
pool
poor
poorer
poorest
poorly
pope
pope francis
popular
populated
population
populations
pork
pornography
port
portal
portfolio
portion
portions
portman
ports
ports entry
pose
pose threat
posed
poses
posing
position
positioned
positions
positive
positive change
positive impact
positive train
positive train control
positive way
positively
possess
possesses
possession
possibilities
possibility
possible
possible military
possible military dimensions
possibly
post
postal
postcloture
posted
poster
postponed
posts
postsecondary
posttraumatic
posttraumatic stress
posture
posturing
pot
potential
potential terrorist
potentially
potholes
poultry
pound
pounds
poured
pouring
poverty
powell
power
power grab
power plan
power purse
powered
powerful
powerplant
powerplants
powers
practical
practically
practice
practiced
practices
practicing
practitioners
pragmatic
praise
praised
pray
prayer
prayer pledge
prayer pledge equally
prayer pledge finally
prayers
praying
preamble
preceded
precedent
precedents
preceding
precious
precise
precisely
precision
predators
predatory
predecessor
predecessors
predict
predictability
predictable
predicted
prediction
predominantly
preeminent
preemption
preexisting
preexisting condition
preexisting conditions
prefer
preference
preferences
preferred
pregnancies
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnant woman
pregnant women
prejudice
preliminary
premature
prematurely
premier
premise
premium
premium increases
premiums
prenatal
preparation
prepare
prepared
preparedness
prepares
preparing
prerogative
preschool
prescribe
prescribed
prescribing
prescription
prescription drug
prescription drug abuse
prescription drug monitoring
prescription drugs
prescription opioid
prescription opioids
prescription pain
prescriptions
presence
presentation
presented
presenting
presents
preservation
preserve
preserved
preserves
preserving
presided
presidency
presidential
presidential campaign
presidential candidate
presidential candidates
presidential election
presidential nominee
presidential nominees
presidents
presidents actions
presidents authority
presidents budget
presidents budget request
presidents deal
presidents executive
presidents executive actions
presidents health
presidents health care
presidents nominee
presidents nominees
presidents plan
presidents request
presidents signature
presidents term
presidents veto
press
press conference
press release
press releases
press reports
pressed
pressing
pressure
pressures
prestige
prestigious
presumably
presumption
pretend
pretending
pretty
pretty clear
pretty good
pretty hard
pretty much
pretty obvious
pretty simple
pretty straightforward
prevail
prevailed
prevalent
prevent
prevent iran
preventable
prevented
preventing
preventing iran
prevention
prevention act
prevention education
prevention treatment
preventive
prevents
previous
previously
prey
price
price oil
price pay
prices
pricing
pride
primarily
primary
primary care
prime
prime minister
prime minister netanyahu
prince
principal
principals
principle
principled
principles
print
prior
prior votes
priorities
prioritize
prioritized
prioritizing
priority
prison
prison system
prisoner
prisoners
prisons
pristine
privacy
privacy civil
privacy civil liberties
privacy protections
privacy rights
private
private companies
private information
private insurance
private investment
private practice
private property
private sector
private sectors
privately
privatize
privilege
privilege serving
privileged
privileges
privileges remainder
prize
pro
pro tempore
proactive
probable
probable cause
probably
probation
problem
problem country
problem problem
problem state
problem worse
problematic
problems
problems facing
procedural
procedure
procedures
proceeded
proceeding
proceeds
process
process colleagues
process important
process moving
process way
processed
processes
processing
prochoice
proclaimed
proclamation
procurement
produce
produce energy
produced
producer
producers
produces
producing
product
production
productive
productivity
products
products united
profession
professional
professional development
professionalism
professionally
professionals
professor
professors
profile
profit
profitable
profits
profound
profound impact
profoundly
program
program allows
program called
program created
program department
program designed
program expire
program first
program help
program helped
program helps
program important
program known
program program
program provide
program provides
program since
program states
programming
programs
programs help
programs important
programs including
programs provide
progress
progress toward
progressive
progrowth
prohibit
prohibited
prohibiting
prohibition
prohibitions
prohibits
project
projected
projection
projections
projects
prolife
proliferation
prolonged
prominent
promise
promise american
promised
promises
promising
promote
promoted
promotes
promoting
promotion
promotion authority
prompt
prompted
promptly
proof
prop
propaganda
proper
proper role
properly
properties
property
property owners
property rights
proponent
proponents
proportion
proportions
proposal
proposals
propose
proposed
proposed legislation
proposes
proposes numbered
proposing
proposition
prosecute
prosecuted
prosecuting
prosecution
prosecutions
prosecutor
prosecutorial
prosecutors
prospect
prospective
prospects
prosper
prosperity
prosperous
prostitution
protect
protect america
protect american
protect americans
protect children
protect citizens
protect communities
protect consumers
protect country
protect defend
protect environment
protect families
protect health
protect homeland
protect nation
protect national
protect national security
protect nations
protect privacy
protect public
protect rights
protect vulnerable
protect workers
protected
protecting
protecting american
protecting americans
protecting country
protection
protection act
protection agency
protection bureau
protections
protective
protects
protest
protesters
protests
protocol
protocols
proud
proud bipartisan
proud colleagues
proud cosponsor
proud history
proud introduce
proud tradition
proudly
prove
proved
proven
proves
provide
provide access
provide additional
provide assistance
provide better
provide billion
provide certainty
provide common
provide critical
provide families
provide funding
provide greater
provide health
provide health care
provide help
provide information
provide much
provide necessary
provide real
provide relief
provide resources
provide services
provided
provided million
provider
providers
provides
provides billion
provides critical
provides funding
provides million
provides resources
providing
providing health
providing resources
province
proving
provision
provision law
provocations
provocative
proxies
proxy
prudent
psychiatric
psychological
ptsd
public
public education
public entitled
public health
public health crisis
public health emergency
public health officials
public health threat
public housing
public interest
public lands
public life
public officials
public opinion
public policy
public private
public relations
public safety
public school
public schools
public sector
public servant
public servants
publication
publications
publicly
publicprivate
publicprivate partnerships
publics
publish
published
published article
puerto
puerto rican
puerto ricans
puerto rico
puerto ricos
pull
pull together
pulled
pulling
pulse
pump
punish
punished
punishing
punishment
punitive
purchase
purchased
purchasers
purchases
purchasing
purchasing power
pure
purely
purple
purple heart
purpose
purposes
purse
pursuant
pursuant section
pursuant section budget
pursue
pursued
pursuing
pursuit
push
pushed
pushing
put
put american
put another
put best
put context
put country
put end
put food
put forth
put good
put harms
put legislation
put lives
put lives line
put money
put path
put perspective
put place
put politics
put pressure
put risk
put simply
put together
put way
putin
putins
puts
putting
putting lives
putting money
putting place
putting together
qaeda
quadrupled
qualifications
qualified
qualified nominee
qualified nominees
qualified serve
qualifies
qualify
qualifying
qualities
quantities
quarter
quarter century
quarterly
quarters
quds
query
quest
question
question asked
question colleague
question losing
question question
question whether
questionable
questioned
questioning
questions
questions asked
questions whether
queue
quick
quickly
quickly possible
quiet
quietly
quit
quite
quite frankly
quite simply
quo
quote
quoted
quotes
quoting
race
races
racial
racing
racism
radar
radical
radical islam
radical islamic
radicalization
radicalized
radio
raging
raid
rail
rail safety
railroad
railroads
rails
rain
rainfall
rains
raise
raise awareness
raise minimum
raise minimum wage
raise money
raise point
raise taxes
raised
raised concerns
raises
raising
raising taxes
rally
ralph
ramadi
ramifications
rampant
ran
ranch
ranchers
random
range
range issues
ranging
rank
ranked
ranks
rape
raped
rapid
rapidly
rapists
rare
rarely
rate
rate increase
rate increases
rate percent
rated
rates
rates percent
rather
rather simply
ratification
ratified
ratify
rating
ratio
rational
rationale
raw
ray
rd
reach
reached
reached point
reaches
reaching
react
reaction
reactor
reactors
readers
readily
readiness
reads
ready
ready willing
reaffirm
reaffirmed
reaffirms
reagan
reagans
real
real consequences
real difference
real estate
real health
real issue
real money
real problem
real problems
real progress
real solutions
real threat
real world
realistic
realities
reality
realize
realized
realizing
reallife
really
really appreciate
really good
really hard
really important
really matter
really mean
really means
really really
realm
realtime
realworld
reap
reason
reason cant
reasonable
reasonably
reasoned
reasoning
reasons
reasons first
reassurance
reassure
reauthorization
reauthorization act
reauthorize
reauthorize exportimport
reauthorize exportimport bank
reauthorized
reauthorizes
reauthorizing
rebecca
rebels
rebuild
rebuilding
rebuilt
recall
recalled
recalls
receipt
receive
receive care
receive federal
receives
receiving
recent
recent days
recent history
recent study
recent weeks
recently
recently announced
recently passed
recently wrote
recess
recess weekly
recess weekly conference
recession
recidivism
recipe
recipient
recipients
reckless
reclaim
reclamation
recognition
recognized
recognized national
recognizes
recognizing
recommend
recommendation
recommendations
recommended
recommending
recommit
reconcile
reconciliation
reconstruction
recorded
records
recourse
recover
recovered
recovering
recovery
recovery act
recovery act cara
recreation
recreational
recruit
recruiting
recruitment
recruits
recycled
recycling
red
red line
red tape
redline
redouble
redress
redtape
reduce
reduce amount
reduce carbon
reduce carbon emissions
reduce costs
reduce deficit
reduce emissions
reduce greenhouse
reduce greenhouse gas
reduce number
reduced
reduces
reducing
reducing carbon
reduction
reductions
redundant
reed
reelected
reelection
reenter
reentry
refer
reference
referenced
references
referred
referring
refers
refine
refined
refineries
refining
reflect
reflecting
reflection
reflects
reform
reform act
reform legislation
reform passed
reformed
reforming
reforms
refrain
refuge
refugee
refugee camps
refugee crisis
refugees
refugees fleeing
refusal
refuse
refused
refuses
refusing
regain
regard
regarded
regarding
regardless
regardless party
regardless whether
regards
regime
regime syria
regiment
regimes
region
region world
regional
regions
register
registered
registration
registry
regret
regrettable
regrettably
regular
regular appropriations
regular basis
regularly
regulate
regulated
regulating
regulation
regulations
regulators
regulatory
regulatory process
rehab
rehabilitation
reid
reimbursement
reimpose
rein
reinforce
reinforced
reinforces
reintroduce
reintroduced
reintroducing
reiterate
reiterated
reject
rejected
rejecting
rejection
rejects
relate
relates
relating
relation
relation listed
relations
relations board
relations entitled
relations subcommittee
relationship
relationship united
relationships
relative
relatively
relatively small
relatives
release
released
releases
releasing
relentless
relentlessly
relevance
relevant
relevant information
reliability
reliable
reliable energy
reliance
relied
relief
relies
relieve
relieved
religion
religious
religious freedom
relocated
reluctant
rely
relying
remainder
remained
remaining
remains
remarkable
remarkably
remarked
remedies
remedy
remember
remember first
remembered
remembering
remembers
remembrance
remind
remind colleagues
remind everyone
reminded
reminder
reminding
reminds
remiss
remote
remotely
removal
remove
removed
removes
removing
renaissance
render
rendered
renew
renewable
renewable energy
renewables
renewal
renewed
renewing
renowned
rent
rental
reopen
repair
repairs
repay
repayment
repeal
repeal affordable
repeal affordable care
repeal obamacare
repeal replace
repealed
repealing
repeals
repeat
repeated
repeatedly
repeating
replace
replaced
replacement
replaces
replacing
reported
reported judiciary
reported number
reportedly
reporter
reporters
reporting
reporting requirements
reports
reprehensible
represent
represent state
representation
representative
representatives
representatives passed
represented
representing
representing state
represents
repression
reproductive
reproductive health
republic
republican
republican budget
republican caucus
republican colleagues
republican democrat
republican democratic
republican democratic administrations
republican friends
republican governor
republican leadership
republican majority
republican members
republican nominee
republican party
republican presidential
republican presidents
republican side
republicancontrolled
republicanled
republicans
republicans control
republicans democrats
republicans democrats alike
republicans democrats together
republicans majority
republicans put
republicans together
republicans took
republicans trying
republicans voted
reputation
request
request billion
requested
requesting
requests
require
required
required law
requirement
requirements
requires
requires department
requiring
rescue
rescued
research
research development
research education
research funding
research national
research program
researchers
researching
reservation
reservations
reserve
reserve fund
reserves
reside
residency
resident
residential
residents
resigned
resilience
resiliency
resilient
resist
resistance
resistant
resisted
resolutions
resolve
resolve issue
resolved
resolving
resort
resounding
resource
resources
resources available
resources development
resources help
resources necessary
resources needed
resources needs
respect
respect colleagues
respected
respectful
respectfully
respecting
respective
respectively
respects
respiratory
respond
responded
responders
responding
responds
response
response zika
responses
responsibilities
responsibility
responsibility ensure
responsibility protect
responsible
responsible manner
responsible thing
responsible way
responsibly
responsive
rest
rest country
rest world
restaurant
restaurants
restitution
restoration
restore
restored
restores
restoring
restraining
restraint
restrict
restricted
restricting
restriction
restrictions
restrictive
restricts
restructure
restructuring
rests
result
resulted
resulting
results
retail
retailers
retain
retained
retaining
retains
retaliation
retention
rethink
retire
retired
retirees
retirement
retirement benefits
retirement savings
retiring
retreat
return
return home
return investment
return regular
returned
returned home
returning
returns
reuters
reveal
revealed
revealing
reveals
revelations
revenue
revenues
reverend
reversal
reverse
reversed
reversing
reviewed
reviewing
reviews
revise
revised
revisit
revolution
revolutionary
revolutionary guard
revolving
reward
rewarded
rewarding
rewards
rewrite
rhetoric
ribbon
rican
ricans
rice
rich
rich history
richard
richer
richest
rick
rico
ricos
rid
ride
rider
riders
ridge
ridiculous
riding
rifle
rig
rigged
rightfully
rightly
rights
rights abuses
rights act
rights american
rights americans
rights citizens
rights groups
rights law
rights movement
rights organizations
rights violations
rightwing
rigorous
ring
rings
rio
ripe
ripped
ripple
risch
rise
rise colleagues
rise discuss
rise introduce
rise issue
rise opposition
rise pay
risen
rises
rising
risk
risk insurance
risk lives
risk losing
risked
risked lives
risking
risking lives
risks
risky
river
rivers
road
roadblocks
roads
roads bridges
roads highways
rob
robbed
robert
roberts
robust
robust process
rockefeller
rocket
rockets
rocky
roe
roe wade
roger
rogers
rogue
role
role model
role models
role play
role world
roles
roll
roll sleeves
rollcall
rollcall votes
rolled
rolling
rolls
ron
ronald
ronald reagan
roof
rooms
roosevelt
root
rooted
roots
rose
roseburg
ross
rotary
rough
roughly
roughly billion
roughly million
roughly percent
round
rounds
roundtable
route
routes
routine
routinely
row
roy
rubberstamp
rubio
rug
ruin
ruled
rulemaking
rulemaking process
rules
rules apply
rules regulations
ruling
rulings
run
run money
runaway
runaway homeless
runaway homeless youth
running
runoff
runs
rural
rural america
rural areas
rural communities
rush
rushed
rushing
russell
russell entitled
russell subcommittee
russell subcommittee entitled
russia
russia china
russia iran
russian
russian aggression
russians
russias
ruth
ryan
sa
sacred
sacrifice
sacrificed
sacrificed much
sacrifices
sacrificing
sad
saddened
sadly
sadness
safe
safe drinking
safe drinking water
safe healthy
safe place
safe secure
safeguard
safeguarding
safeguards
safely
safer
safest
safety
safety act
safety administration
safety american
safety board
safety health
safety issues
safety measures
safety net
safety security
safety standards
sailors
sailors airmen
sailors airmen marines
sake
salaries
salary
sale
sales
salmon
salute
sam
samples
samuel
sanction
sanctioned
sanctions
sanctions brought
sanctions imposed
sanctions iran
sanctions lifted
sanctions place
sanctions policy
sanctions put
sanctions regime
sanctions relief
sanctuary
sanctuary cities
sand
sanders
sands
sands oil
sandy
sandy hook
santa
sarah
sasse
sat
satellite
satellites
satisfaction
satisfied
satisfy
saturday
saudi
saudi arabia
save
save life
save lives
save money
save taxpayer
save taxpayers
saved
saved life
saved lives
saves
saving
saving lives
saving money
savings
savings accounts
saw
saw firsthand
saying
saying cant
saying lets
saying thing
says
says cant
says lets
sc
scale
scalia
scalias
scam
scan
scandal
scarce
scare
scared
scary
scattered
scenario
scenarios
scene
scenes
scenic
schatz
schedule
scheduled
schedules
scheduling
scheme
schemes
scholar
scholars
scholarship
scholarships
school
school board
school boards
school children
school college
school district
school districts
school graduated
school graduation
school law
school student
school students
school system
school teacher
schools
schools country
schools state
schools students
schools teachers
schumer
science
science technology
science technology engineering
science transportation
science transportation sr
sciences
scientific
scientific community
scientific evidence
scientific research
scientifically
scientist
scientists
scope
score
score political
score political points
scored
scores
scoring
scott
scourge
scout
scouts
scratch
screaming
screen
screening
screenings
scrutiny
sea
sea level
sea level rise
sea levels
seafood
seal
search
search rescue
searched
searches
searching
seas
season
seasons
seat
seats
second
second chance
second circuit
second highest
second largest
second place
second rights
second thing
second world
second world war
secondary
secondary education
secondary education act
seconddegree
seconddegree prior
seconddegree prior votes
secondly
seconds
secrecy
secret
secretaries
secretary
secretary army
secretary carter
secretary clinton
secretary defense
secretary department
secretary education
secretary energy
secretary health
secretary health human
secretary homeland
secretary homeland security
secretary interior
secretary jeh
secretary jeh johnson
secretary johnson
secretary kerry
secretary moniz
secretary state
secretary state john
secretary treasury
secretarys
secretly
secrets
section
section budget
section budget act
section constitution
sections
sections act
sector
sector jobs
sectors
sectors economy
secure
secured
securing
securities
securities exchange
securities exchange commission
security
security act
security administration
security advisor
security agencies
security agency
security allies
security american
security appropriations
security assistance
security benefits
security challenges
security concerns
security council
security council resolutions
security country
security department
security disability
security economic
security energy
security experts
security forces
security funding
security governmental
security governmental entitled
security important
security information
security interests
security issue
security issues
security legislation
security lets
security measures
security medicare
security nation
security national
security national security
security needs
security number
security numbers
security policy
security program
security programs
security protect
security risk
security safety
security secretary
security threat
security threats
security trust
security trust fund
security united
security united states
securitys
seed
seeds
seeing
seek
seeking
seeks
seem
seemed
seemingly
seems
seen
seen anything
seen firsthand
seen recent
seen since
sees
segment
segregated
segregation
seize
seized
seizure
seizures
select
select intelligence
select intelligence sh
selected
selecting
selection
self
selfless
selflessly
selflessness
sell
sell products
sellers
selling
sells
selma
semester
semiautomatic
senateand
senatepassed
sending
sends
senior
senior citizens
seniors
senseless
senses
sensible
sensitive
sensitive information
sent
sent letter
sentence
sentenced
sentences
sentencing
sentencing reform
sentiment
separate
separate occasions
separated
separately
separation
separation powers
sequester
sequestration
sergeant
series
series votes
serious
serious concerns
serious issue
serious issues
serious matter
serious problem
serious problems
serious questions
serious threat
seriously
seriousness
servant
servants
serve
serve country
serve federal
serve military
serve nation
served
served army
served board
served chief
served country
served distinction
served military
served nation
served state
serves
servicemember
servicemembers
servicemembers families
servicemembers veterans
servicemen
services
services provided
services veterans
services women
serving
serving country
serving military
sessions
sets
setting
settings
settle
settled
settlement
settlements
settlers
settling
seventh
severe
severely
severity
sewer
sex
sex trafficking
sexual
sexual abuse
sexual assault
sexual exploitation
sexual orientation
sexual orientation gender
sexual violence
sexually
sexually transmitted
sgr
sh
sh hart
shadow
shadows
shaheen
shake
shaken
shale
sham
shame
shameful
shannon
shape
shaped
shaping
share
share colleagues
share concerns
share information
share story
shared
shares
sharing
sharing act
sharing cyber
sharing information
sharon
sharp
sharply
shattered
shed
shed light
sheer
sheet
shelby
sheldon
shelf
shell
shelter
shelters
sheriff
sheriffs
sheriffs association
shia
shield
shift
shifted
shifting
shifts
shiite
shine
shine light
shining
shining example
ship
shipbuilding
shipments
shipped
shipping
ships
shock
shocked
shocking
shockingly
shoe
shoes
shoot
shooter
shooting
shootings
shop
shopping
shops
shore
shores
short
short term
shortage
shortcomings
shorter
shortfall
shortfalls
shortly
shortly thereafter
shortsighted
shortterm
shortterm extension
shortterm extensions
shot
shot killed
shots
shoulder
shoulders
shouldnt
show
show american
showed
showing
shown
shows
shrink
shrinking
shrunk
shut
shut department
shut department homeland
shut government
shutdown
shutdowns
shuts
shutting
shutting government
shy
siblings
sick
side
side aisle
side effects
side side
sidebyside
sidelines
sides
sides aisle
sides issue
sierra
sight
sign
sign law
signal
signals
signature
signed
signed law
signed letter
significance
significant
significant amount
significant changes
significant economic
significant impact
significant number
significant portion
significant progress
significant role
significant step
significantly
signing
signs
silence
silent
silicon
silver
similar
similar legislation
similarly
simple
simple majority
simple question
simple straightforward
simpler
simplify
simply
simply afford
simply cant
simply put
simply saying
simply says
simply unacceptable
simultaneously
since
since beginning
since came
since depression
since end
since first
since founding
since inception
since law
since obama
since passage
since passed
since republicans
since served
since started
since took
since world
since world war
sincerity
singing
single
single democrat
single largest
single person
single republican
single state
sink
sister
sisters
sit
site
sites
sits
sitting
situation
situations
sixteen
sixth
size
sizes
skeptical
skepticism
ski
skies
skill
skilled
skills
skin
skip
sky
skyrocket
skyrocketed
skyrocketing
slashed
slaughter
slaughtered
slave
slavery
slaves
sleep
sleeping
sleeves
slightly
slip
slope
slow
slowed
slowing
slowly
small
small administration
small amount
small businesses
small entrepreneurship
small group
small number
small owner
small owners
small part
small town
small towns
smaller
smallest
smart
smarter
smartphone
smile
smith
smoke
smoking
smooth
smuggling
snap
snapback
sneak
snow
snowden
soaring
sober
sobering
socalled
soccer
soccer team
social
social economic
social justice
social media
social security
social security administration
social security benefits
social security disability
social security medicare
social security number
social security numbers
social security trust
social services
societies
society
society civil
society civil engineers
soft
software
soil
solar
solar energy
solar wind
sold
soldier
soldiers
soldiers sailors
soldiers sailors airmen
sole
solely
solemn
solid
solidarity
solution
solution problem
solutions
solutions problems
solve
solve problem
solve problems
solved
solvency
solvent
solving
solving problem
somalia
somebody
somebody else
someday
somehow
someone
someone else
someone elses
someones
someplace
something
something american
something called
something different
something else
something good
something happen
something help
something important
something never
something ought
something really
something something
something wrong
sometime
sometimes
somewhat
somewhere
somewhere else
son
son daughter
song
sons
sons daughters
sony
soon
soon possible
sooner
sooner rather
sophisticated
sorely
sorely missed
sorrow
sorry
sort
sorts
sought
soul
sound
sounded
sounds
soup
source
sources
southeast
southeast asia
southeastern
southern
southern border
southern district
southwest
southwestern
sovereign
sovereignty
soviet
soviet union
soybeans
space
spaces
span
spanish
spanned
spans
spare
sparked
speaker
speaker boehner
speaker ryan
speakers
speaking
speaks
spearheaded
special
special aging
special forces
special interest
special interest groups
special interests
special operations
special place
specialist
specialists
specialized
specialty
species
specific
specifically
specifics
specified
spectacular
spectrum
speculation
speech
speeches
speed
speedy
spell
spend
spend billion
spend lot
spend money
spend much
spending
spending billion
spending caps
spending cuts
spending levels
spending money
spending percent
spends
spent
spent billion
spent life
spent lot
spent million
spent much
sphere
spike
spill
spilled
spin
spiral
spirit
spirited
spiritual
spite
split
spoke
spoken
spokesman
sponsor
sponsor terrorism
sponsored
sponsoring
sponsors
sponsorship
sport
sporting
sports
sportsmen
spot
spotlight
spots
spouse
spouses
spread
spread zika
spreading
spring
springs
spur
spurred
squadron
squandered
square
square miles
squarely
squeeze
squeezed
sr
sr russell
sr russell entitled
sr russell subcommittee
st
st century
st louis
stabenow
stability
stabilize
stable
stack
stacked
stadium
staffer
staffers
staffing
staffs
stage
stages
staggering
stagnant
stake
stakeholder
stakeholders
stakes
stakes high
stalemate
stall
stalled
stamp
stamps
standalone
standard
standard living
standardized
standards
standing
standing rules
standing way
standpoint
stands
stanford
star
stark
stark contrast
stars
start
start process
start talking
started
starting
starting point
startling
starts
startup
startups
state
state alone
state best
state better
state colleagues
state community
state country
state department
state departments
state federal
state first
state government
state governments
state home
state important
state including
state israel
state john
state john kerry
state law
state laws
state legislature
state legislatures
state level
state lines
state local
state local governments
state local law
state lot
state million
state nation
state national
state officials
state percent
state police
state proud
state sponsor
state sponsor terrorism
state state
state states
state union
state united
state united states
state university
state week
stated
stateoftheart
states
states ability
states actually
states allies
states already
states america
states american
states canada
states cant
states communities
states countries
states country
states currently
states district
states economy
states european
states federal
states federal government
states first
states flexibility
states good
states government
states help
states home
states including
states international
states iran
states israel
states lead
states lets
states local
states local governments
states localities
states lot
states military
states million
states nation
states nations
states part
states passed
states percent
states provide
states put
states really
states rights
states school
states school districts
states simply
states since
states state
states states
states still
states territories
states trade
states united
states united states
states way
states world
statesand
statewide
stating
station
stationed
stations
statistic
statistics
statue
stature
status
status quo
statute
statutes
statutory
stay
stay united
stayed
staying
stays
stcentury
steadfast
steadily
steady
steal
stealing
steel
steel industry
steelworkers
steep
steering
steinle
stellar
stem
stem education
stem tide
stemming
stems
step
step closer
step direction
step help
step toward
step way
stephen
stepped
stepping
steps
steps taken
steps toward
sterling
steve
steven
stevens
stewards
stewardship
stick
sticking
stifling
stigma
still
still lot
still much
still struggling
still waiting
still way
stimulus
stock
stock market
stockpile
stole
stolen
stone
stood
stop
stop iran
stop playing
stopped
stopping
stops
storage
store
stored
stores
storied
stories
storm
storms
story
story story
straight
straightforward
strain
strait
strange
stranger
strategic
strategically
strategies
strategy
straw
stream
streamline
streamlines
streamlining
streams
street
street reform
streets
strength
strengthen
strengthen economy
strengthened
strengthening
strengthens
strengths
stress
stress disorder
stressed
stretch
stretched
stretches
strict
strictly
strides
strike
strikes
striking
stringent
strip
stripped
strive
stroke
stronger
strongest
strongest possible
strongly
strongly colleagues
strongly oppose
strongly supported
struck
structural
structurally
structurally deficient
structure
structured
structures
struggle
struggled
struggles
struggling
struggling addiction
stubborn
stuck
student
student achievement
student aid
student body
student debt
student loan
student loan debt
student loans
student succeeds
student succeeds act
student university
students
students access
students country
students families
students learn
students parents
students receive
students students
students succeed
students teachers
studied
studies
study
study found
study published
studying
stuff
stunned
stunning
stupid
style
subcommittee
subcommittee entitled
subcommittees
subject
subjected
subjects
submarine
submarines
submission
submit
submits
submitting
subpoena
subsequent
subsequently
subsidies
subsidize
subsidized
subsidizing
subsidy
substance
substance abuse
substances
substances control
substances control act
substantial
substantially
substantive
substitute
substitute passed
subtle
suburban
suburbs
succeed
succeeded
succeeding
succeeds
succeeds act
successes
successful
successful program
successfully
successor
sudan
sudden
suddenly
sue
sued
suffer
suffered
suffering
suffers
sufficient
sufficiently
sugar
suggested
suggesting
suggestion
suggestions
suggests
suicide
suicide prevention
suicides
suing
suit
suitable
suited
suits
sullivan
sum
summarize
summary
summed
summer
summers
summit
sums
sun
sunday
sunni
sunset
sunshine
super
super bowl
superb
superintendent
superintendents
superior
supermajority
superpower
supervised
supervision
supervisor
supervisors
supplement
supplemental
supplied
suppliers
supplies
supply
supply chain
supplying
supported
supporter
supporters
supporting
supporting legislation
supportive
supports
supports jobs
suppose
supposed
supposedly
suppress
suppression
supreme
supreme court
supreme court case
supreme court decision
supreme court justice
supreme court justices
supreme court nominee
supreme court nominees
supreme court united
supreme court vacancy
supreme courts
supreme courts decision
surely
surface
surface transportation
surge
surgeon
surgery
surplus
surprise
surprised
surprising
surprisingly
surrender
surrounded
surrounding
surveillance
survey
survival
survive
survived
surviving
survivor
survivors
susan
susan collins
susceptible
suspect
suspected
suspected terrorist
suspected terrorists
suspects
suspend
suspended
suspension
suspicion
suspicious
sustain
sustainability
sustainable
sustainable growth
sustained
sustaining
sweden
sweep
sweeping
sweet
swept
swift
swiftly
swing
switch
swore
sworn
symbol
symbolic
sympathetic
sympathies
sympathy
symptoms
syndrome
synthetic
syria
syria iraq
syrian
syrian refugee
syrian refugees
syrians
syrias
system
system actually
system broken
system country
system government
systematic
systematically
systemic
systems
szubin
taa
tables
tackle
tackling
tactic
tactical
tactics
tailored
taken
taken away
taken care
taken place
taken steps
takeover
takes
takes away
takes important
takes place
taking
taking advantage
taking away
taking care
taking money
taking place
taking steps
talent
talented
talents
taliban
talked
talked lot
talking
talking important
talking points
talking talking
talks
tall
tangible
tank
tanks
tap
tape
tar
tar sands
tar sands oil
target
targeted
targeting
targets
tariff
tariffs
task
task force
task forces
tasked
tasks
taste
taught
tax
tax breaks
tax code
tax credit
tax credits
tax cut
tax cuts
tax dollars
tax extenders
tax hikes
tax incentives
tax increase
tax increases
tax loophole
tax loopholes
tax policy
tax rate
tax rates
tax reform
tax relief
tax revenue
tax system
taxation
taxed
taxes
taxing
taxpayer
taxpayer dollars
taxpayer funds
taxpayer money
taxpayerfunded
taxpayers
taxpayers billion
taxpayers dollars
taxpayers money
taylor
tea
tea party
teach
teacher
teachers
teachers parents
teachers principals
teachers school
teachers students
teaches
teaching
team
teamed
teams
tear
tearing
tears
tech
technical
technical assistance
technically
technician
technique
techniques
technological
technologies
technology
technology companies
technology engineering
ted
ted kennedy
teenager
teenagers
teens
teeth
tehran
telecommunications
telephone
television
tell
tell american
tell colleagues
tell stories
tell story
tell truth
telling
telling truth
tells
tells story
temperament
temperature
temperatures
temple
temporarily
temporary
tempore
tenacity
tend
tendency
tends
tens
tens billions
tens billions dollars
tens millions
tens thousands
tens thousands jobs
tension
tensions
tenure
term
terminal
terminate
terminated
terms
terrain
terrible
terrible tragedy
terribly
terrific
terrifying
territorial
territories
territory
terror
terror attacks
terrorism
terrorism financial
terrorism risk
terrorism risk insurance
terrorism world
terrorist
terrorist activities
terrorist activity
terrorist attack
terrorist attacks
terrorist group
terrorist groups
terrorist organization
terrorist organizations
terrorist threat
terrorist threats
terrorist watch
terrorist watch list
terrorists
terry
test
test scores
testament
tested
tester
testified
testified armed
testified armed services
testify
testifying
testimony
testing
tests
th
th anniversary
th annual
th birthday
th century
th th
thanked
thankful
thankfully
thanking
thanksgiving
thatand
thats
thatthe
theater
theft
theme
thensenator
theodore
theoretical
theories
theory
therapies
therapy
thereafter
thereby
therefore
theres
theyre
thick
thin
thing
thing american
thing clear
thing country
thing happened
thing thing
things
things actually
things american
things better
things country
things different
things first
things happen
things happened
things happening
things help
things important
things really
things things
things together
things way
thinking
thinks
thirdparty
thirty
thisthe
thomas
thomas jefferson
thompson
thorough
thoroughly
though
thought
thought good
thought important
thoughtful
thoughts
thoughts prayers
thousand
thousands
thousands american
thousands americans
thousands children
thousands dollars
thousands jobs
thousands lives
thousands miles
thousands thousands
thread
threat
threat country
threat face
threat information
threat isis
threat national
threat national security
threat posed
threat public
threat security
threat terrorism
threat united
threat united states
threat zika
threaten
threatened
threatened veto
threatening
threatens
threats
threats country
threats face
threats facing
threats nation
threats national
threats national security
threats posed
threequarters
threshold
threshold adoption
threshold nuclear
threw
thrilled
thrive
thriving
throughout
throughout career
throughout country
throughout entire
throughout history
throughout life
throughout middle
throughout middle east
throughout nation
throughout process
throughout region
throughout state
throughout tenure
throughout united
throughout united states
throughout world
throw
throwing
thrown
throws
thune
thune nelson
thursday
thursday prayer
thursday prayer pledge
thus
thus far
thwart
thwarted
ticket
ticking
tide
tie
tied
ties
tight
tillis
tim
timber
timeand
timeframe
timeline
timely
timely fashion
timely manner
timing
tiny
tip
tipping
tired
tireless
tireless advocate
tirelessly
tissue
title
titled
titles
tn
tobacco
tobacco companies
tobacco industry
todays
todd
together
together bipartisan
together bipartisan basis
together bipartisan way
together colleagues
together ensure
together find
together good
together help
together important
together improve
together legislation
together lets
together pass
together protect
together put
together something
together together
together try
told
told story
tolerance
tolerate
tolerated
toll
tom
tomorrow
tomorrows
tone
tonight
tons
tony
took
took care
took lives
took majority
took oath
took place
tool
tools
tools help
tools needs
toomey
top
top list
top percent
top priorities
top priority
topic
topics
torn
torn apart
torture
tortured
total
total billion
total number
totaling
totally
touch
touched
touched lives
touches
tough
tough decisions
tougher
toughest
tour
tourism
tourist
tourists
tournament
tours
toward
toward end
toward goal
toward nuclear
towards
tower
towers
town
townhall
townhall meeting
towns
toxic
toxic substances
toxic substances control
tpa
tpp
tpp countries
trace
track
tracking
tracks
trade
trade adjustment
trade adjustment assistance
trade agreements
trade barriers
trade center
trade commission
trade deal
trade deals
trade deficit
trade enforcement
trade investment
trade laws
trade legislation
trade negotiations
trade negotiators
trade policies
trade policy
trade promotion
trade promotion authority
trade representative
trade secrets
trade trade
traded
trademark
trades
trading
trading partner
trading partners
tradition
traditional
traditionally
traditions
traffic
traffic control
trafficked
traffickers
trafficking
trafficking act
trafficking legislation
trafficking victims
tragedies
tragedy
tragic
tragic death
tragic loss
tragically
trail
trails
train
train control
trained
training
training center
training program
training programs
trains
trajectory
transaction
transactions
transatlantic
transcanada
transfer
transferred
transferring
transfers
transform
transformation
transformative
transformed
transforming
transgender
transit
transit systems
transition
transitional
transitioning
translate
translates
transmission
transmit
transmitted
transnational
transpacific
transpacific partnership
transparency
transparency accountability
transparent
transport
transportation
transportation housing
transportation housing urban
transportation infrastructure
transportation projects
transportation reauthorization
transportation safety
transportation security
transportation sr
transportation sr russell
transportation system
transported
transporting
trap
trapped
trauma
traumatic
traumatic brain
traumatic brain injury
travel
traveled
travelers
traveling
travels
treasure
treasured
treasures
treasury
treasury department
treasury secretary
treat
treated
treated fairly
treated way
treaties
treating
treatment
treatment centers
treatment programs
treatment recovery
treatments
treats
treaty
tree
trees
tremendous
tremendous amount
tremendously
trenches
trend
trends
trial
trials
tribal
tribe
tribes
tribunal
tribune
tribute
trick
tried
tried pass
tries
trigger
triggered
trillion
trillion debt
trillion dollars
trillion next
trillion trillion
trillions
trillions dollars
trip
triple
tripled
trips
triumph
troop
trooper
troops
troops families
troops iraq
tropical
trouble
troubled
troubles
troubling
truck
trucking
trucks
true
true american
truly
truly bipartisan
truman
trump
trumps
trust
trust fund
trust iran
trusted
trustees
trusting
trustworthy
truth
try
try figure
try find
try help
try keep
try move
try put
try something
try stop
trying
trying bring
trying figure
trying find
trying help
trying keep
trying move
trying protect
trying stop
tsa
tsca
ttip
tuesday
tuesday prayer
tuesday prayer pledge
tuition
tune
turbines
turkey
turmoil
turn
turn backs
turn blind
turn blind eye
turned
turned away
turning
turns
tv
twelve
twenty
twice
twin
twisted
twitter
twothirds
tx
tying
type
types
typical
typically
tyranny
udall
ugly
ukraine
ukrainian
ukrainians
ultimate
ultimate sacrifice
ultimately
un
unable
unacceptable
unaccompanied
unaccountable
unaffordable
unanimously
unanimously passed
unanswered
unauthorized
unaware
unbelievable
unbelievably
unborn
unborn child
unborn children
uncertain
uncertainty
unchecked
uncle
unclear
uncomfortable
uncommon
unconscionable
unconstitutional
uncovered
undeniable
undercut
underfunded
undergo
undergraduate
underground
underlying
underlying legislation
undermine
undermined
undermines
undermining
underneath
underscore
underscored
underscores
underserved
understandable
understandably
understanding
understands
understatement
understood
undertake
undertaken
undertaking
underway
undo
undocumented
undocumented immigrants
undoubtedly
undue
unelected
unemployed
unemployment
unemployment insurance
unemployment rate
unequal
unequivocal
unequivocally
unexpected
unfair
unfair trade
unfairly
unfettered
unfilled
unfortunate
unfortunately
unfunded
unhappy
unified
uniform
uniformed
unilateral
unilaterally
unimaginable
uninsured
unintended
unintended consequences
union
unions
unique
uniquely
unit
unite
united
united kingdom
united nations
united nations security
united states
united states allies
united states america
united states american
united states canada
united states countries
united states country
united states first
united states good
united states government
united states including
united states international
united states iran
united states israel
united states lead
united states nations
united states part
united states united
united states world
united way
units
unity
universal
universal background
universal background checks
universe
universities
university
university college
university law
university school
university school law
university university
universitys
unjust
unknown
unlawful
unlawfully
unleash
unleashed
unless
unless act
unless something
unlike
unlikely
unlimited
unmanned
unmatched
unnecessarily
unnecessary
unnoticed
unpaid
unparalleled
unpopular
unprecedented
unpredictable
unrealistic
unreasonable
unrelated
unresolved
unrest
unsafe
unspeakable
unstable
unsustainable
unthinkable
untimely
untold
unused
unusual
unwanted
unwarranted
unwavering
unwavering commitment
unwavering dedication
unwilling
unwillingness
unwise
unworkable
upcoming
update
updated
updates
updating
upfront
upgrade
upgrades
upheld
uphold
uphold constitution
upordown
upper
ups
upset
upside
uptodate
upward
upwards
uranium
uranium enrichment
urban
urban areas
urban development
urban entitled
urged
urgency
urgent
urgently
urging
urging colleagues
usa
usa freedom
usa freedom act
usa patriot
usa patriot act
usage
usaid
usda
used
used pay
useful
user
users
uses
using
uss
usually
utilities
utility
utilize
utilized
utilizing
utmost
utter
utterly
va
va health
va hospital
va medical
vacancies
vacancy
vacancy court
vacancy supreme
vacancy supreme court
vacant
vacation
vaccine
vaccines
vacuum
vague
valiantly
valid
valley
valor
valuable
value
valued
values
van
varied
variety
various
vas
vast
vast majority
vast majority americans
vastly
vehicle
vehicles
venezuela
venture
verge
verifiable
verification
verified
verify
version
versions
versus
vessel
vessels
vet
veteran
veterans
veterans access
veterans act
veterans administration
veterans appropriations
veterans benefits
veterans care
veterans choice
veterans country
veterans deserve
veterans families
veterans first
veterans health
veterans health care
veterans military
veterans receive
veterans served
veterans servicemembers
veterans sr
veterans sr russell
veterans veterans
veto
veto legislation
veto message
veto threat
vetoed
vetoes
vetted
vetting
via
viability
viable
vibrant
vice
vice biden
vice chair
vicious
victim
victimized
victims
victims crime
victims families
victims fund
victims human
victims human trafficking
victims rights
victims sexual
victims trafficking
victims trafficking act
victories
victory
video
videos
vienna
vietnam
vietnam veterans
vietnam war
vietnamese
view
viewed
views
vigilant
vigorous
vigorously
village
villages
violate
violated
violates
violating
violation
violations
violence
violence country
violence women
violence women act
violent
violent crime
violent criminals
virtual
virtually
virtue
virus
visa
visa waiver
visa waiver program
visas
visible
vision
visionary
visit
visited
visiting
visitors
visits
vital
vital national
vital national security
vital role
vitally
vitally important
vitter
vladimir
vladimir putin
vocal
vocational
voice
voice heard
voiced
voices
voices heard
void
volatile
volume
volumes
voluntarily
voluntary
volunteer
volunteered
volunteering
volunteers
voted
voted favor
voted legislation
voted unanimously
voted voted
voter
voters
votes
votes first
votes pass
votes votes
voting
voting rights
voting rights act
voucher
vouchers
vowed
vulnerabilities
vulnerability
vulnerable
vulnerable children
vulnerable populations
wa
wade
wage
waged
wages
wait
wait another
wait longer
wait minute
wait next
waited
waiting
waive
waive applicable
waive applicable sections
waived
waiver
waiver program
waivers
wake
wakeup
walk
walk away
walked
walked away
walker
walking
walks
wall
wall street
wall street reform
walls
walmart
walsh
walter
wanted
wanting
wants
war
war ii
war ii veteran
war iraq
war middle
war middle east
war terror
war veterans
ward
warfare
warhead
warm
warmer
warmest
warming
warn
warned
warner
warning
warnings
warrant
warranted
warrants
warren
warrior
warriors
wars
washingtons
wasnt
waste
waste fraud
waste money
wasted
wasteful
wasteful spending
wastes
wastewater
wasting
wasting money
watch
watch list
watchdog
watched
watching
water
water act
water appropriations
water clean
water conservation
water conservation fund
water development
water infrastructure
water resources
water resources development
water supplies
water supply
water systems
waters
waters united
waters united states
watershed
waterways
wave
waves
way
way american
way americans
way another
way bipartisan
way bring
way colleagues
way country
way deal
way democrats
way end
way ensure
way federal
way find
way first
way fund
way give
way good
way government
way help
way hope
way important
way keep
way legislation
way lets
way life
way move
way much
way ought
way past
way pay
way possible
way prevent
way protect
way provide
way put
way really
way reduce
way run
way saying
way since
way stop
way supposed
way things
way together
way toward
way united
way united states
way used
way way
wayne
ways
ways help
ways improve
ways means
weak
weaken
weakened
weakening
weakens
weaker
weakness
weaknesses
wealth
wealthiest
wealthy
weapon
weapons
weapons capability
weapons iran
weapons mass
weapons mass destruction
weapons program
weapons systems
weaponsgrade
weaponsgrade plutonium
wear
wear uniform
wearing
weather
weather events
web
web site
web sites
website
wednesday
wednesday prayer
wednesday prayer pledge
weeds
week
week another
week colleagues
week hope
week national
week next
week passed
week week
week weeks
weekend
weekends
weekly
weekly conference
weekly conference meetings
weeks
weeks weeks
weigh
weighed
weighing
weight
welcome
welcomed
welcoming
welfare
wellbeing
welldeserved
wellintentioned
wellknown
wellpaying
wellqualified
wellrespected
wells
wendy
went
went beyond
went effect
went far
went percent
went school
went serve
werent
western
western hemisphere
western states
wetlands
weve
whatever
whatever reason
whats
whatsoever
wheat
wheel
wheels
whenever
whereas
whereby
wherever
whether
whether federal
whether iran
whip
whistleblower
whistleblowers
white
white houses
whitehouse
whoever
whole
whole country
whole host
whole idea
whole lot
whole process
whole thing
whole world
wholeheartedly
wholly
whomever
whose
whose lives
whose name
wi
wicker
wide
wide array
wide range
wide variety
widely
wider
widespread
wife
wife children
wild
wilderness
wildfire
wildfires
wildlife
willfully
william
williams
willing
willing put
willingness
wilmington
wilson
win
wind
wind energy
wind power
wind solar
windfall
window
winds
wine
wing
wings
winner
winners
winners losers
winning
wins
winter
winters
winwin
wipe
wiped
wire
wireless
wiretap
wisdom
wise
wisely
wished
wishes
wishing
wit
withdraw
withdrawal
withdrawing
withdrawn
withdrew
withheld
withhold
withholding
within
within borders
within budget
within country
within days
within department
within hours
within next
within power
within state
within united
within united states
withstand
witness
witnessed
witnesses
witnessing
wives
woefully
woke
wolf
woman
woman named
woman serve
womans
womb
women
women access
women act
women america
women armed
women babies
women children
women country
women families
women girls
women health
women men
women military
women put
women serve
women served
women serving
women state
women uniform
women united
womens
womens access
womens health
womens health care
wonder
wondered
wonderful
wondering
wonders
wont
wood
woods
word
words
wore
workable
worker
workers
workers american
workers businesses
workers country
workers families
workforce
workingclass
workplace
workplaces
world
world better
world better place
world colleagues
world country
world economy
world ever
world health
world health organization
world including
world iran
world live
world safer
world stage
world trade
world trade center
world united
world united states
world war
world war ii
worldclass
worlds
worlds greatest
worlds greatest deliberative
worlds largest
worlds leading
worlds population
worldwide
worn
worried
worries
worrisome
worry
worrying
worse
worship
worst
worthless
worthwhile
worthy
wotus
wouldbe
wouldnt
wound
wounded
wounds
wow
wrap
wrapped
wrda
wreak
wreak havoc
wright
write
writer
writes
writing
written
wrong
wrong direction
wrong way
wrong wrong
wrongdoing
wrongly
wrote
wrote letter
wto
wyden
xiv
xl
xl pipeline
xxii
xxvi
xxvi paragraph
yale
yard
yards
yearand
yearlong
yearly
yearold
yearold boy
yearold daughter
yearold girl
yearold son
yearolds
yearround
yearsand
yearsthe
yellow
yellowstone
yemen
yes
yesterday
yesterdays
yet
yet another
yet despite
yet republican
yet republicans
yet still
yielded
young
young adults
young age
young americans
young children
young country
young girl
young girls
young man
young men
young men women
young old
young person
young woman
young women
younger
youngest
youre
youth
zealand
zero
zika
zika crisis
zika funding
zika virus
zip
zip code
zone
zones
